Special Containment Procedures: SCP-002 is to remain connected to a suitable power supply at all times, to keep it in what appears to be a recharging mode. In case of electrical outage, the emergency barrier between the object and the facility is to be closed and the immediate area evacuated. Once facility power is re-established, alternating bursts of X-ray and ultraviolet light must strobe the area until SCP-002 is re-affixed to the power supply and returned to recharging mode. Containment area is to be kept at negative air pressure at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-003 is to be maintained at a constant temperature of no less than 35°C and ideally kept above 100°C. No living multicellular organisms of Category IV or higher complexity may be allowed to come into contact with SCP-003.
Special Containment Procedures: When handling items SCP-004-2 through SCP-004-13, proper procedure is vital. The items are not permitted to be moved off-site unless accompanied by two Level 4 security personnel. Under no circumstances should any other component of SCP-004 be taken through SCP-004-1. The effects of doing so are as yet unknown, and the current cost of experimentation makes further research impractical. Should any of the objects contained within SCP-004-1 breach containment, or the facility be breached, the keys must be brought inside and the door closed prior to activation of Site 62’s on-site warhead. Unauthorized removal of keys from the testing area is grounds for immediate termination.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-005 poses no immediate risk in any direct sense. Even so, its unique functions require special measures be taken to restrict access and manipulation of the object. Approval of at least one (1) Level 4 personnel is required for the removal of the object from its containment area.
Special Containment Procedures: Whereas the nature of SCP-006 does not warrant any extensive containment, a certain level of secrecy is necessary regarding the object's existence and properties, for obvious reasons. The following procedures are required not for personnel safety, but to deny or hide knowledge of SCP-006's effects from the personnel who interact with it.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-007 is to be contained in a sealed room measuring 10 m on each side. Room is to be furnished comfortably as a living area, along with whatever items are requested by ███████████████ (hereafter referred to as Subject), given that providing Subject with requested items would not compromise security. Subject is not to be allowed to leave the room, and is to be detained with force if necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-008 samples have been deemed Class V extreme biological hazards, and all related protocols apply. Incineration and irradiation measures will be deployed in the event of political or military action which may result in the facility being dismantled; a power failure; or zero communications from operatives or outside channels during any given eight hour period.
Special Containment Procedures: Object is to be contained within a sealed storage tank of heat-resistant alloy with dimensions not less than 2m x 2m x 2m.
Special Containment Procedures: The objects comprising SCP-010 are to be kept in numbered locked boxes in a high security facility. They are not to be worn except by test subjects.
Special Containment Procedures: Item SCP-011 and the area surrounding it are to be cleaned once every day. For safety purposes, cleaning should start at least 30 minutes after sundown. Cleaning should always be performed by at least two (2) personnel, who are also advised to note anything unusual about the item or the debris cleaned up. In a situation where the item cannot be cleaned for more than two (2) days, local residents must be contacted and instructed not to approach the item.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-012 is to be kept in a darkened room at all times. If the object is exposed to light or seen by personnel using a light frequency other than infrared, remove personnel for mental health screening and immediate physical. Object is to be encased in an iron-shielded box, suspended from the ceiling with a minimum clearance of 2.5 m (8 ft) from the floor, walls, and any openings.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-013 are to be kept in a Secure Storage Vault at Site-66. Exposed subjects are to be monitored for differences between their symptoms. Exposed subjects are to be interviewed daily, and any changes in perception are to be logged.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-014 is to be kept in Site-██, in a chair with arms, preferably facing a window. Music should be supplied on a regular basis, preferably constantly. This music should not include pieces originating after 1937. A security camera should be present in SCP-014's room.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-015 is impossible to move, and is contained on-site. A gap of at least 2 m (6 ft) needs to be maintained around the entire structure containing SCP-015 at all times, and no structures of any kind are to make contact with SCP-015's current containment structure. Exploration is permissible, but only in teams of three (3) with full safety lines and GPS tracking. Any protrusions from SCP-015 must be capped and sealed immediately, with the new site recorded and logged.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-016 is to remain within the confines of a five by five by five (5x5x5) meter room at all times, maintained at a temperature not to exceed zero (0) degrees Celsius. SCP-016 itself is to remain in the petri dish in the containment cube at all times unless directed otherwise by Level 4 or O5 personnel. Full documentation of experimentation with SCP-016 must be submitted before and after samples and duplicates of SCP-016 may be taken. Failure to follow these procedures will result in termination or reassignment as Class-D Personnel. Only authorized personnel may be permitted to obtain samples of and experiment with SCP-016 under BC-L5 containment conditions.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-017 is contained in an acrylic glass cage, 100 cm by 50 cm by 50 cm, centrally suspended in a concrete room measuring 6 m by 6 m by 4 m. Attached to the walls, ceiling, and floor of the room are high-intensity arc lamp spotlights pointed directly at the acrylic cage, to ensure that SCP-017 is constantly exposed to light from every angle. Personnel assigned to the SCP-017 control room are to monitor the functionality of the spotlights and the emergency generator system and call for maintenance immediately upon knowledge of a burnt-out lamp or an issue with the generator.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-018 is to be contained in its specialty metal restraint inside of a 1 m by 1 m by 1 m sealed box lined with heavy synthetic padding. The sealed box is then submerged in the center of the 10 m by 10 m by 10 m polyethylene holding tank. If SCP-018 is to break free from the holding box, the polyethylene-based 'goo' will slow down kinetic activity enough for proper retrieval by containment personnel. Personnel entering SCP-018's holding chamber are to wear specialized plating (found inside of SCP-018 Observation), and a breathing apparatus before being lowered into the polyethylene tank. If SCP-018 is loose outside of the polyethylene tank, personnel are advised to secure themselves in a separate room and close doorways or hatches to isolate SCP-018 until containment teams arrive.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-019 is to be kept on a wide grate in a 3 m x 3 m x 4 m reinforced concrete room, installed with an incinerator. Room is to be kept at zero (0) degrees Celsius when incinerator is not activated. An observation chamber separated by a plate glass window is to be used for constant observation of SCP-019, and if/when specimens of SCP-019-2 are observed, the incinerator is to be activated. In the event of an outbreak of SCP-019-2, ordinary firearms are successful in terminating individual specimens, although in the case of a swarm-level outbreak, flamethrowers may be more effective. SCP-019 should be kept in a vertical position at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-020 are stored in a series of sealed cultivation chambers inside a sealed containment room at Biological Research Area-12 which is accessible only via airlock. Nutrients are administered via automated robotic systems, as the cultivation chamber must remain sealed at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-021 is an obligate parasite of the human body. Containment, therefore, is no more difficult than containing an adult human; most cells will suffice. Item is currently housed in detention cell 217-A on subject D-139. Only class D personnel are eligible for hosting SCP-021. As long as a given subject survives as a host for SCP-021, he is exempt from normal monthly terminations of class D personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: A vault door has been installed following Incident 022-827 to seal SCP-022. It is to remain locked at all times, with the sole exception being the appearance of an instance of SCP-022-1. The original door to SCP-022 was destroyed during Incident 022-827, with attempts at replacement being met with failure. Security cameras have been installed to monitor for instances of SCP-022-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-023 is to be contained in a standard 5 x 5 m Containment Unit. SCP-023 is to be contained in a walled-off intersection of two (2) corridors at Site ██, with at least three (3) meters of space in each direction, and false doors at three (3) of the four (4) ends, in addition to the real door. Security cameras will be placed and maintained above all four (4) doors.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its nature, SCP-024 cannot be moved to a secure location so security measures must be placed on-site. To conceal its location, five (5) identical-looking replicas have been erected around SCP-024. A tight security perimeter must be maintained around SCP-024's compound at all times, with separate security teams guarding SCP-024 and its replicas. None of the security teams, except for team leaders, will be informed of the location of SCP-024. SCP-024 must be secured with magnetically sealed blast doors and reinforced, armored walls to prevent unauthorized entry.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-025 is only to be opened during testing, as is the room in which SCP-025 is stored. Entry codes are to be given only to authorized research and security personnel. No other containment protocols required.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-026 is to remain securely locked and boarded up at all times when there is no research ongoing. Alarms are set to alert the Foundation in case of entry by civilians or other agencies.
Special Containment Procedures: The host of SCP-027 (currently subject 027-02) is to be kept in a 5 m x 5 m containment cell with a grated, raised floor connected to a strong vacuum system. All creatures removed from the Subject's containment cell are to be incinerated, except for a small portion to be diverted for analysis and necropsy. The cell is to be cleaned and inspected for structural damage daily.
Special Containment Procedures: No special means are needed to contain at this time, as SCP-028 has not shown any change in size, position or shape during the entire period of its containment, but access must be restricted. Currently, SCP-028 is contained on site (Site █), as SCP-028 is not transportable by any known means. SCP-028 is sealed in a six (6) by six (6) by three (3) meter (twenty (20) by twenty (20) by ten (10) foot) concrete room with a single door, with two (2) armed personnel stationed outside. Only authorized personnel are to be allowed exposure to SCP-028, and extreme care must be taken at all times. While SCP-028 is itself harmless, the effect can be very damaging to the unprepared. (See document EL-028-1125)
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-029 is to be incarcerated in a Class 5 containment cell. She is to be allowed access to nothing of a physical nature. Her containment cell is to be placed behind a triple airlock, to avoid her escape. As of Incident 029-34a, SCP-029 is no longer to be fed, as she does not appear to need sustenance to survive. There are to be three (3) guards on duty at all times on her cell, and two (2) guards on monitor duty.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-030 is to be held at Site-17 within a modified humanoid containment cell. Minor adaptations to accommodate its stature, such as an appropriately-scaled workspace and chair, are to be included. Lighting within the cell may be altered upon request of SCP-030 to a maximum of 2000 lumens via a simple dimmer switch. Should the need to render SCP-030 inert arise, staff may extinguish the lighting from the exterior switch and draw blackout curtains as necessary. Standard night-vision equipment is available for observation of SCP-030 in its inert state.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-031 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber, located in Site-77's Safe SCP wing. Personnel interacting with SCP-031 are not to view it directly, and communicate with test subjects through an intercom system installed in each chamber. The containment chamber is to be cleaned once per week by custodial staff wearing opaque goggles to mitigate SCP-031's effect.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-032 is to be housed in Automated Containment Unit 535/15. Direct contact with SCP-032 is to be restricted to research-relevant tasks only. Interviews, if deemed necessary, are to be carried out using the Unit's remote communication array. While SCP-032's presence is not directly harmful to the human body, exposure to it is to be limited to periods of 12 hours or less due to its adverse effects on most beneficial microorganisms. SCP-032 is not to be exposed to any biological material not refined or otherwise tempered by humanity, with an emphasis on non-human living entities. For full list of classifications, see Document-032-RCL. SCP-032 neither requires nor requested substances or other forms of comfort.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-033 should be inscribed on any single sheet of irregularly-shaped and hand-crafted paper, papyrus, canvas or vellum when not involved in active observation or study. The dimensions of the paper-like product should have no parallel borders, no right angles, and no side's length should be equal to any other (033-Safe dimensions). When contained in this manner, the paper-like product should be secured in a locked non-combination storage vault at least 30 meters from any computing or recording device. Logs for check-out or check-in of SCP-033 should be filled out at the minimum safe distance of 30 meters to avoid possible contamination of the paper product or electronic device the log is kept in.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-034 is to be kept in a secure room with access granted only to Level 4 personnel. SCP-034 itself will be kept in a locked case that is under 24-hour surveillance. When not in lab conditions, SCP-034's protective sheath cannot be removed under any circumstances. Any personnel in contact with SCP-034 must be placed under a 24-hour observation period until their identities can be confirmed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-035 is to be kept within a hermetically sealed glass case, no fewer than 10 centimeters (4 inches) thick. This case is to be contained within a steel, iron and lead-shielded room at all times. Doors are to be triple-locked at all times, with the exception of allowing personnel in or out. No fewer than two (2) armed guards are to be posted at any time. Guards must remain outside at all times and are not allowed within the containment room under any circumstances. A trained psychologist is to remain on site at all times. Research personnel are not to touch SCP-035 at any time. SCP-035 must be moved to a new sealed case every two (2) weeks. The previous case must be disposed of via SCP-101, as it shows no adverse reactions to SCP-035's “corruption”. Anyone who comes into contact with SCP-035 when it is in possession of a host is to be given an immediate psychological evaluation.
Special Containment Procedures: Once every year, a mobile task force is dispatched from Containment Command-02 in [EXPUNGED] to Site-22A to defend the runway and airport located there. The civilian facility is to be cleared of all non-SCP personnel by 0400 hours of September 23 and none are allowed to return until sunrise the next day. On October 1, all civilians must be evacuated again before sunrise and will not be allowed on to Site-22A until the return of the "Pilgrimage flight."
Special Containment Procedure: SCP-037 is magnetically contained at Site-32. It is housed in a small subterranean room composed of a heat conducting, radiation-resistant polymer and evacuated of any atmosphere. Heat from the object is radiated into the surrounding rock. Should the integrity of the enclosure become compromised, the emergency system will generate a low power argon plasma shield until it is repaired. In the contingency of a [ACCESS DENIED].
Special Containment Procedure: SCP-038 is to be watered twice per day via overhead mister. Should the mister break for any reason, attendants should water SCP-038 by hand until it has been fixed. Lighting is provided by computer-controlled lighting array. Attendants watering SCP-038 by hand and maintenance personnel fixing mister or lighting should wear hazmat suits to prevent accidental cloning.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-039 are to be contained in Site-77's Wilderness Observation Chamber-2B. At least two (2) security personnel are to monitor the interior and exterior of SCP-039's chamber, and are to rotate every six (6) hours. Staff members may not access SCP-039's chamber without an accompanying escort from site security, and may only do so for research purposes, or for the examination of the chamber for containment sabotage or contraband, which is to occur weekly.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-040 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment module within Bio-Research Area-12. The chamber is to be connected to an airborne tranquilizer dispersal system, to be activated in the event of SCP-040 manifesting its properties outside of testing environments. The chamber is to be observed by two supervisory personnel at all times. Recreational items such as toys, games, and art supplies may be provided to SCP-040 at the discretion of supervisory personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-041 is to be hospitalized at Bio-Research Area 12. Though not Keter class, should SCP-041's abilities ever propagate beyond a reasonably containable area, the risk of SCP sensitive information being broadcast to the public remains too great a risk and warrants Area-Level isolation away from the general populace. SCP personnel wanting to keep their thoughts private are advised to remain outside of a fifteen (15) meter radius from SCP-041, beyond the designated red circle on the floor.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-042 is currently housed within Minimum Security Paddock 12 at Bio-Research Area-32. Despite SCP-042's seeming disinclination to attempt escape at this point, security measures must still be maintained at all times. Previous attempts to maintain the health of the groundcover in Paddock 12 have failed to date. Despite regular watering, SCP-042's presence leaves the ground parched wherever it treads. As it has not been determined what happens to added water, the program of watering has been discontinued as unnecessary and potentially hazardous to the local water table. Monitoring of local well levels and sampling of the area's water is to be carried out on a weekly basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-043 requires no special containment, although it is recommended that SCP-043 not be used for purposes other than testing. A turntable is to be maintained in the same room for testing.
Special Containment Procedures: A constant stream of hydrogen ions, unbound oxygen atoms, and other trace free radicals emanate from the muzzle of SCP-044 at all times. Because of this, the docking stations of SCP-044 are to be well-ventilated to keep dangerous gases and moisture from accumulating. Muzzle coverings are to be fitted at all times to keep birds and small animals from investigating the large open barrel of SCP-044.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-045 is to be kept affixed to an examination platform in a hemispherical chamber measuring 5 meters in radius at Oceanographic Research Station 12, located at -██.██, -███.██ on the seafloor of the Pacific Ocean. The chamber is to be kept filled with gaseous neon at equilibrium pressure with the surrounding environment. The chamber is separated from habitable portions of the station by 5 meters of local seawater, and all interactions with SCP-045 are to be performed via telepresence or robotic means. The bindings that attach SCP-045 to its platform are fitted with quick-release latches, which are to be released when necessary to prevent a containment breach.
Special Containment Procedures: The land surrounding SCP-046 has been purchased and surrounded by multiple layers of security, including fencing, barricades, and lethal-effect traps; multiple signs marking the area as private property are to be prominently displayed. The area is to be heavily guarded at all times to prevent access by civilians to SCP-046. All personnel working around or within a 50km radius of SCP-046 are to undergo rigorous medical testing to ensure the absence of any potentially life-threatening illnesses; additionally, increased mental health examinations are to be administered to ensure that no personnel inclined or potentially inclined towards self-harm or self-destructive tendencies are allowed within the 50km radius. Any injured personnel are to be evacuated to a hospital outside of the 50km zone around SCP-046. All vegetation surrounding SCP-046 is to be destroyed and all animals attempting to access SCP-046 are to be terminated and destroyed before reaching its outer perimeter.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-047 is to be contained in a 0.5 m x 0.5 m x 1 m hermetically sealed storage box at all times. This box is to be locked in storage locker 047a, inside P3-secure biohazard lab 047b. Any entrance to and activity inside 047b will be recorded by biometric scan, closed circuit camera, and [REDACTED].
Special Containment Procedures: The designation SCP-048 is to be retired from the SCP catalog. No future SCPs are to be assigned this number.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-049 is contained within a Standard Secure Humanoid Containment Cell in Research Sector-02 at Site-19. SCP-049 must be sedated before any attempts to transport it. During transport, SCP-049 must be secured within a Class III Humanoid Restriction Harness (including a locking collar and extension restraints) and monitored by no fewer than two armed guards.
Special Containment Procedures: So far, all attempts to contain SCP-050 have proven fruitless1. At present, whoever has possession of SCP-050 is to leave it in an office they use with regularity2.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-051 and SCP-051-A are to be kept in a sealed containment facility. SCP-051-A is kept within a locked, climate-controlled document box with a viewing window, to prevent degradation of its material. Any personnel (with the exception of pregnant or non-sterile female personnel, who might not be aware of an early-stage pregnancy) may access SCP-051 as long as a request is placed before-hand and cleared by site administration.
Special Containment Procedures: Although it is not possible to remove SCP-052 from the New York City subway system, its predictable behavior allows the Foundation to prevent the public from encountering it. The 59th St. A/B/C/D Station is to be closed to the public from 11pm-1am on Saturdays/Sundays under the pretext of “track maintenance.” During that time, the station is to be staffed with agents from Mobile Task Force Gamma-6. Agents have been ordered to prevent accidental public access to the station, and to capture anyone seen leaving SCP-052. Anyone who has been on SCP-052 must be transported to Site-21 for debriefing and processing. Members of the public who see SCP-052 may be released after the administration of a Class B amnestic.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-053 is to be contained in an area no less than 5 m x 5 m (16 ft x 16 ft) and given adequate room to move. Toys, books, games, and other recreational devices are to be amply provided and rotated every three (3) months. Proper bedding, bathroom, and medical facilities are to be maintained at all times. Food should be provided three (3) times daily, and two (2) snacks are allowed if requested.
Special Containment Procedures: Subject is held in a watertight isolation room outfitted with specialized climate control equipment. An ornate fountain filled with water stands in the center of the enclosure. Maintenance personnel are required to wear NBC suits while inside the containment area and must spend ten minutes in a special drying room after exiting. In the event of a breach, the surrounding area should be evacuated and the enclosure flushed with liquid nitrogen.
Special Containment Procedures: Object is kept within a five (5) by five (5) by two point five (2.5) meter square room constructed of cement (fifty (50) centimeter thickness), with a Faraday cage surrounding the cement walls. Access is via a heavy containment door measuring two (2) by two point five (2.5) meters constructed on bearings to ensure door closes and locks automatically unless held open deliberately. Security guards are NOT to be posted outside SCP-055's room. It is further advised that all personnel maintaining or studying other SCP objects in the vicinity try to maintain a distance of at least fifty (50) meters from the geometric center of the room, as long as this is reasonably practical.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-056 is to be kept in a room of its choosing, with whatever furnishings it expresses desire for. Level 1 personnel and above may interact with SCP-056 at any time they choose, for a time length not exceeding two hours. The subject is to be guarded by a minimum of three (3) security staff at all times, with shift changes every four hours. Each guard is to be armed with non-lethal tranquilizer pistols, loaded with no less than fifteen hundred (1500) microliters of cyclopyrrolone tranquilizer. Any irregularities in personnel and staff developed by extended exposure to SCP-056 will result in psychological examination and relocation to site [DATA EXPUNGED].
Special Containment Procedures: Site-57 has been constructed to facilitate SCP-057 as relocation is not feasible. It is highly improbable that any outside knowledge of the artifact exists based on the circumstances of its discovery and thus security is of minimal concern. No containment procedures are required other than the prevention of unauthorized access. All research will be delegated to Dr. Lewis and Dr. Walston unless further specified.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-058 is to be kept in isolation in a 5 m by 5 m by 5 m containment chamber at all times. Walls are to be constructed of 3 m (10 ft) of reinforced heat-resistant steel, backed with a further 10 m (33 ft) of reinforced concrete. SCP-058 is to be fed a live cow every three days. Maintenance is to be conducted every sixty (60) minutes while SCP-058 is dormant and every fifteen (15) minutes when SCP-058 is active. Under no circumstances is SCP-058 to be allowed out of its containment area. SCP-058 is to be audio recorded at all times. No personnel are to listen to SCP-058 for more than thirty (30) minutes at a time. In case of escape, facility is to be considered compromised and detonation of on-site nuclear weaponry is to commence. To date, SCP-058 has been responsible for the death of at least one hundred and forty-nine (149) Class-D personnel and fourteen (14) Agents at its current site.
Special Containment Procedures: A single specimen of SCP-059 is kept at Site-11B inside a graded-Z laminate shielding box composed of depleted uranium, tantalum, tin, steel, copper, and aluminum. Surrounding SCP-059’s containment box is a 7 x 7 x 7 m area sealed as a Level-4 Biohazard area, and surrounded by 3 cm of lead shielding. This area is to be sprayed daily with a solution of methyl isothiocyanate to prevent overgrowth of SCP-059-1.
Special Containment Procedures: The grove which contains SCP-060 is currently contained in a series of specially-constructed greenhouses at Satellite-Site 66-060. Specimens are to be pruned regularly to keep at a manageable size.
Special Containment Procedures: The source code for SCP-061 is to be kept on a standard archival-quality read-only data compact disc (CD-ROM); four copies of the CD-ROM with the source code are to be stored in separate maximum-security inanimate-object lockers. Except for purposes of approved experimentation, SCP-061 is not to be loaded, compiled, or run. Research proposals for SCP-061 require written approval from site command. Only one copy of the CD-ROM containing the source code for SCP-061 may be used at a time; the CD-ROM is to be returned to storage immediately after having been used to load the source code for SCP-061 to a device.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-062 is stored in a dedicated containment cell at Site ██ under clean room conditions. Any experimentation on SCP-062 must receive prior permission from at least two (2) Level 3 Personnel, and must only be performed with independent power sources. SCP-062 must never be attached to an external network, and all data extracted from SCP-062 is to be stored on external nonvolatile media until analyzed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-063 is to be kept at all times within Dr. ████'s personal bathroom, located within the personnel quarters upon Site 19. Object is to be used as designed at least once in a twenty-four (24) hour period or the object will begin to emit an unknown specialized radiation that results in objects and material within a 0.6 m (2 ft) radius being slowly warped and eventually disintegrating into a fine dust. Radiation's effect on living test subjects has not been monitored.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-064 is to be kept in a suitably remote area for observation. Current goals are to generate a geometric model of the object's behavioral pattern and to observe any changes in this pattern due to location and soil composition. Certain sites in the Gobi Desert and Australian Outback, as well as a number of salt flats scattered around the globe, are under consideration for future testing. SCP-064's current location is classified to all personnel under security clearance Level 3. Once growth has stopped, field teams are to document the structure's size, shape and composition and remove the object for transport to a new site.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-065 cannot be moved, it has been contained on-site and Site ██ has been established around it. Site ██ has been marked as a government research facility off limits to civilians, and unauthorized individuals attempting to gain access to the area are to be detained, questioned, and administered a Class A amnestic if deemed necessary by site security.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-066 is to be kept in a safe-deposit box at Site 21. Personnel Level 2 or higher may perform experiments on SCP-066 after filing the relevant request forms. Researchers may log their results in Experiment Log 066-Beta.
Special Containment Procedures: When not in use or the subject of study, SCP-067 is to be stored in its felt-lined wooden box. The nib is to be corked, and all art and writings are to be submitted to SCP Research command for analysis and further experimentation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-068 is to be kept away from any metals in an electrically-resistant box, preferably made of polytetrafluoroethylene (teflon) and rubber. Said box is to be stored in security locker 26 at Site 11. Key is kept with Dr. █████. Any requests for testing are to be redirected to him.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-069 is currently impersonating former Foundation Agent ███████ █████, and is housed at Humanoid Containment Site-06-3. SCP-069 is to be provided with any reasonable requested item and/or material so long as such request does not violate Foundation security protocols. As SCP-069 is currently on suicide watch, all requests it makes must be approved by no fewer than two (2) Level 3 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-070 is to be kept within a 10 meter by 10 meter reinforced-concrete room that is to be guarded and remotely monitored at all times. This room must always be well-stocked with non-perishable food and water (see Document 070-IC for a complete inventory of these items), as well as basic amenities for humanoid SCPs. Security personnel assigned to SCP-070 are to carry sticky-foam guns in addition to standard armaments.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-071 is contained in a modified Standard Humanoid Containment Cell with no direct observation capabilities. Surveillance of SCP-071 may only be performed via closed circuit video with a minimum of 60 seconds of delay. Experimentation with SCP-071 may only be performed with permission from at least two (2) Level 4 Site Directors, and personnel entering SCP-071’s containment area may only do so in groups of at least four (4). Any personnel exhibiting unusual or compulsive behavior must be removed from the area immediately, given a full psychiatric screening, and either administered a Class C amnestic or reassigned as deemed appropriate.
Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-072 are to be contained in a 3.5 by 4 meter holding cell. Access is allowed only during authorized testing procedures. Without prior approval from Senior Researcher Grant, no materials created for the purpose of being slept on are to be introduced into a 15-meter vicinity of the holding cell.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-073 is to be kept in a two (2) room cell furnished with all non-organic furniture and items, and a bathroom. Subject is allowed to freely wander the facility and eat in the main canteen. A tracking device has been attached to SCP-073's person and is not to be removed. Subject is disallowed any contact with the surface, and is not allowed outside the facility. Subject is allowed no contact with plant-based SCPs under any circumstances. Violence is not to be used against SCP-073 under any circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-074 is contained at Site 81. SCP-074 is an active infohazard. No research in evaluating its anomalous properties is to be conducted. All personnel who have previously engaged in research into SCP-074's anomalous properties, who have a post-secondary or greater education in physics, or who have accessed Archive 074-317E, must never come within 5 km of SCP-074.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment Area 25b is to be located 200 m below sea level, tunneled out of solid bedrock in a seismologically stable area. Sole access to the containment facility is to be through a vertical elevator shaft separated every fifty (50) meters with a reinforced blast door, constructed of 20 cm thick material shielding. Elevator shaft shall be flooded with seawater when not in use.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-077 is to be kept in Research Sector-861 on top of a 0.5 m steel pedestal in a 3 m x 3 m x 3 m chamber with 0.5 m thick steel-reinforced walls. The reinforced steel hatch-door to the chamber is to comply with AH37-Protocol, and is to be guarded at all times by two (2) Level-1 personnel. A boom mic connected to a speech recognition system should verify that all pronunciation is within standards. A camera is to be mounted within the chamber to record any changes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-078 is to be left hanging on the wall of its containment cell and physically unplugged. The sole outlet in the room should be controlled by a switch, which must be left in the off position at all times unless SCP-078 is undergoing testing. Personnel who enter the containment room should familiarize themselves with the position of the switch so that they can locate it with their eyes closed in the event that SCP-078 is accidentally turned on.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-079 is packed away in a double-locked room in the secured general holding area at Site-15, connected by a 120VAC power cord to a small array of batteries and solar panels. Staff with Level 2 or higher clearance may have access to SCP-079. Under no circumstances will SCP-079 be plugged into a phone line, network, or wall outlet. No peripherals or media will be connected or inserted into SCP-079.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-080 is to be contained in a 4 m x 4 m room with a smaller antechamber located on the south wall to provide researchers with access. On the north wall, an observation room is to be connected, overlooking the main room through a window with thick black-out curtains that release only when the door to the observation room is closed. No attempts should be made to remove SCP-080 from this enclosure at any time. No more than one (1) 7 W incandescent light bulb is to be illuminated in the main room at any time. Absolutely no devices capable of producing light should be brought into the room. Under no circumstances should anything be brought into SCP-080’s containment room that has the ability to shroud, conceal, or otherwise hide SCP-080. Failure to adhere to this will result in disciplinary action.
Special Containment Procedures: Only those with Level 4 clearance and written permission from ███████ may have access to SCP-081. Full hazard gear including suit, gloves, and an oxygen tank must be worn at all times when in the containment area. Suits must be sprayed with a disinfectant shower before leaving the containment area. If containment is breached, the entire area must be exposed to ultraviolet light and then bleached. Those who are suspected of being infected must be quarantined for at least ten (10) days. If no symptoms manifest after the tenth day, then quarantine can be lifted.
Special Containment Procedures: Enlarged living quarters located at Armed Bio-Containment Area-14 have been appropriated for the suppression and appeasement of SCP-082. While standard weapons have little effect in policing SCP-082, cooperation is easily attained through a charade; subject is currently under the impression that it has been made the King of France and that its containment area is actually a grand palace designed for its protection. All interacting personnel are to be made aware of this charade and are ordered to follow the ruse. Housekeeping personnel are to be Class D personnel only.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-083 is to be kept under constant video surveillance, with at least one Level 3 staff member on call at all times to respond to security breaches. Entrance to SCP-083 is permissible to Level 1 and 2 personnel with proper clearances, provided they wear a tracking device while inside.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-084 is currently under a full non-interaction order until the full extent of the emission waves has been evaluated (for detailed documentation on general FNI orders, see Document XRG-1182; for detailed documentation on FNI orders in relation to SCP-084, see Document XRG-1208A). A continuous surveillance watch is to be maintained around the active area of SCP-084, with the primary objective of civilian misdirection and external surveillance. With no major roads, trails, or other travel routes nearby, any civilians encountered approaching SCP-084 are to be deemed suspect and detained for evaluation. Under no circumstances are any Foundation or civilian personnel allowed in to the active area of SCP-084, except with express vocal and written permission of no fewer than two (2) members of O5 Command.
Special Containment Procedures: [Revised on ██-██-████]. SCP-085 is to be contained in a single chalk-white bond drawing pad in a secure containment facility. Supervised contact with SCP-085 is unrestricted to all personnel with Level-2 access. All personnel coming into contact with SCP-085 are subject to searches and random psych analysis upon entering or leaving the containment area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-086 is contained within Office A-19, at Bio-Research Station 71. The secretarial post outside the door is to be staffed by 1 (one) armed guard. All components of SCP-086 are to be kept within 6 (six) meters of each other.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-087 is located on the campus of [REDACTED]. The doorway leading to SCP-087 is constructed of reinforced steel with an electro-release lock mechanism. It has been disguised to resemble a janitorial closet consistent with the design of the building. The lock mechanism on the doorknob will not release unless ██ volts are applied in conjunction with counter-clockwise rotation of the key. The inside of the door is lined with 6 centimeters of industrial foam padding.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-088 is to remain sealed in its airtight case at all times. The case is constructed of transparent acrylic plastic to resist the corrosive properties of SCP-088's secretions. In the event that SCP-088 should awaken from hibernation, any room that it is stored within should be constructed of durable plastics, rubber or ceramics to hinder its ability to escape. Temperature of SCP-088's containment should not exceed 15 degrees Celsius, and any personnel entering containment must observe level 4 hazardous material protocols and wear the appropriate protective gear at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-089 is stored in a special shipping container at Site-36 and monitored for locution events. Mobile Task Force Mu-89, consisting of personnel with advanced training in linguistics, psychology and tactical diplomacy, has been established in order to respond to such locution events. Upon the occurrence of a locution event, Mobile Task Force Mu-89 is to translate and interpret the locution so as to identify the primary subjects of that triggering (herein designated as SCP-089-A and SCP-089-B), then execute Protocol M8, which consists of the following steps:
Special Containment Procedures: Artifact is to be held in a secure bunker in the facility at Site ██ and constantly monitored by approved Class D Personnel. The object's new arrangement is to be imaged every time it shifts. New arrangements are fed into the facility's Class-OT Supercomputer. Division Chief is to be notified of all changes and current estimates every half-hour. No personnel is to touch SCP-090 except under order ███-██-████.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-091 is to be stored in a standard containment locker at Site-██. When SCP-091 is not being tested, it is to be placed under combination lock. Since SCP-091 has shown no signs of resistance to tearing or damage greater than that of normal cardboard, great care should be taken when transporting it to and from testing sites.
Special Containment Procedures: The three thousand one hundred and twenty-five instances of SCP-092 are to be held in individual cases suitable for containing non-anomalous audio compact discs (CDs), and stored in standard inanimate-object lockers at Site-37. Each instance is to be individually numbered with permanent marker.
Special Containment Procedures: See testing document SCP-093-T1 for outline of testing conditions. SCP-093 must remain on a mirror at all times and under video surveillance. Admittance into the area of SCP-093's containment must be authorized only with proper video recording and subject retrieval procedures in place. Any attempt to use SCP-093 outside of an approved test will be dealt with severely, up to and including termination.
Special Containment Procedures: Since SCP-094 is apparently immovable, a research and containment facility has been built around its location (centered at 4█.██████°S, 6█.██████°W) in the guise of an Argentinian military research base. No unauthorized persons or aircraft may come within one kilometer of the site, enforced by joint SCP and Argentinian forces.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-095 is to be placed in a standard polyethylene sleeve when not under scheduled research and stored in a standard locked filing cabinet to prevent damage or wear. High-resolution digital scans are available for any Level 1 and above personnel who wish to view SCP-095.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-096 is to be contained in its cell, a 5 m x 5 m x 5 m airtight steel cube, at all times. Weekly checks for any cracks or holes are mandatory. There are to be absolutely no video surveillance or optical tools of any kind inside SCP-096's cell. Security personnel will use pre-installed pressure sensors and laser detectors to ensure SCP-096's presence inside the cell.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-097 is contained within the limits of the property where it was initially discovered, Zone-SCP-097. The property is surrounded by an 8 metre tall concrete block fence, fitted with barbed wire and security camera systems. Satellite images of Zone-SCP-097 are to be doctored, removing all traces of the area.
Special Containment Procedures: Members of SCP-098 are to be kept in a 10 m x 20 m room with small pools of water and a sandy substrate. Rocks and driftwood are to be left in a random arrangement for SCP-098 to nest in.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-099 is kept in a 1 m x 75 cm wall-mounted, fireproof case in Gallery 27. Standard climate and humidity controls apply to this section of the Gallery. Due to its properties, SCP-099 can only be viewed within the gallery by Level 2 staff or higher, and only from a distance greater than five meters and for a period not to exceed five minutes per day. When not being viewed, the case is to remain shut and electronically locked.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-100 is to have six (6) guards patrolling the interior of the perimeter's fencing, and two (2) guards dedicated to the monitoring of the interior and exterior of both warehouses and the residential building, with rotations to occur every three (3) hours. Any unauthorized personnel found within SCP-100 are to be detained for questioning, prior to amnestic administration and release.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-101 is currently stored in the sub-basement 0-2 of Site-19, inside of a standard fireproof document lockbox, within a reinforced concrete room of standard facility size. Said room has been fitted externally with a standard double-door airlock, and internally fitted with appropriate safety response equipment as well as biological response equipment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-102 is currently in the possession of Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd. Because "ownership" appears to be a binding, deed-based legalistic agreement independent of eminent domain, SCP-102 cannot be transferred to Foundation control in the foreseeable future.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-103 does not require any specific or strict containment procedures. If SCP-103 begins to show any signs of distress or erratic behavior, SCP-103 is to be moved to a 5m x 5m room while awaiting medical examination.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-104 is currently contained in a steel box with electronic keypad access. Access is to be restricted to class 3 and higher. Do not allow SCP-104 to come in contact with any living tissue. Any and all interaction with SCP-104 is to be handled via robotic assistance, or with full haz-mat suits and gloves. Anyone found to be “imprinted” by SCP-104 must submit for “unimprinting”. Failure to do so within 24 hours of exposure will result in termination.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-105 is implanted with a tracking device and is currently housed at Site-17. SCP-105 is currently allowed Class 3 (restricted) socialization privileges with approved site personnel, granted based on continued good behavior and cooperation with Foundation personnel.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-107 poses no immediate threat, so long as it does not come into contact with any liquid. As such, it is stored at Site-19 in a five (5) metre square containment cell, on a one (1) metre high pedestal, inside a clear perspex container. Experimentation with SCP-107 is to be carried out at Research Area-06, a 484 km2 (22 x 22 km) area of desolate land in █████████ dedicated to this purpose. Anyone who attempts to activate SCP-107 outside of an approved experiment must be eliminated with any force necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-108 is contained entirely by Subject 108-1. Subject 108-1 should be contained in a standard containment cell measuring 3 m x 3 m furnished with whatever items are requested unless said items compromise security. Subject 108-1 is permitted to leave the room, wander freely, and eat in the main canteen. Medical examination to be performed on Subject-108-1 daily; filters to be changed as necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-109 is currently located in Non-Critical Storage Unit 7 and requires no active monitoring. It should not be removed from the unit except to be transported to a research facility, and then only by personnel with Level 3 security clearance or higher. When replacing SCP-109, personnel should ensure that it is firmly closed and that it is placed on the molded pedestal in the upright position.
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance to SCP-110 is to remain closed off at all times unless otherwise permitted by O5-█. The land covering SCP-110 (roughly 6 square kilometers) is to be developed into a suburban area that will not attract the attention of the general public. Any movement that SCP-110 might make is to be explained as "minute seismic activity". Further complaints are to be ignored.
Special Containment Procedures: All specimens of SCP-111 in captivity are housed at Site-19, ██████████ Wing, in a 5m x 5m x 5m plexiglass enclosure containing a temperate forest habitat transplanted from its natural surroundings. Habitat temperature will be maintained at 30° C. Feeding is to take place weekly by personnel placing three (3) kg of iceberg lettuce (Lactuca sativa) into the containment chamber. Water is to be supplied by an automatic misting system which regulates humidity levels at 50%, both for water required by SCP-111 and to prevent fires. In event of SCP-111 specimens breeding, personnel are to collect all eggs and transport them to the Biological Studies Wing for freezing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-112 is contained within the abandoned "██████ ████████" amusement park, designated Site-███. Site-███ is to be staffed with a standard complement of twelve (12) armed guards dressed in designated Amusatastic Land garb, to prevent civilian interference. SCP-112's power supply is housed within a standard Foundation prefab building with two high-security door locks and a standard staff of six (6) security staff and one (1) operator. Since all other rides in Site-███ are intentionally disabled, civilian intervention is low.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-113 is to be kept in standard storage in Site-23. SCP-113 may be handled with laboratory gloves. No organism may be exposed to SCP-113 without prior approval. Personnel exposed to SCP-113 are to be kept under medical observation for 7 days.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-114 is kept in a 10 m3 standard concrete humanoid containment cell at Site-17. The cell is positioned at the bottom of a 40 m shaft to prevent staff members from coming into the proximity of SCP-114. The cell is accessible by a staircase restricted to emergency use only. Daily rations are provided to SCP-114 three times a day by means of a dumbwaiter. SCP-114 is also permitted to submit written requests to attending staff by the same means. To date, SCP-114 has been granted one Qur’an (Arabic), one prayer rug, and one blank journal with pens.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-115-1 is to be stored in the Secure Vehicles Storage Facility in Site-██, where access is restricted unless accompanied by Level 3 personnel or higher. SCP-115-2 is currently being kept in a secure drawer of Dr. ██████'s desk. SCP-115 is not to be used without Dr. ██████'s explicit approval. Any site staff using SCP-115-2 must return it in a timely manner or face punitive measures. No other special containment procedures are required.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-116 is kept in a 16 by 16 meter cell, constructed of Kevlar, with 1 meter porous rubber padding on all surfaces. No personnel are to enter cell without proper briefing and threat-reduction measures (see Appendix III). Cell is to be monitored at all times by 6 agents, 4 stationed at corner points of cell and 2 stationed with SCP-116. No pointed objects or intrusive testing equipment of any kind are to be placed in the possession of the agents within the cell. Outside monitoring is achieved using VBS05 class concealed button cameras stationed at high corners in the cell. Outside monitoring is to be carried out by a further 2 agents. If suspicious activity begins, initialize Achilles procedure ∆. All monitoring agents, internal or external, are to undergo bi-monthly IQ tests as well as standard weekly psychiatric analysis. Significant drops in the IQ of agents (≥ 5 pts.) is to be regarded as prolonged exposure and to be treated as outlined in standard Quarantine instructions.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-117 is to be kept in the small leather pouch it was found in, unless in use or in current study.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the number and distribution of SCP-118, containment of every specimen is impossible. Known SCP-118 Red Zones are to be closed off to all civilian marine vessels and divers under the guise of a military presence or other plausible cover story. Contacts in navies known to operate near SCP-118 Red Zones are to be utilized in order to minimize the passage of military vessels through the Red Zones. If any area within the Red Zone has a depth of less than 1500 meters, the restriction is to be applied to aircraft as well. All human activity in surrounding Yellow Zones is to be monitored, and any non-military vessels or individuals approaching the Red Zone are to be turned away. In the Red and Yellow Zones, protocol TOXIC HARVEST is to be followed to ensure the removal of devices generated by SCP-118. Furthermore, protocol CELL WATCH is to be followed to ensure the early detection of any emerging Red Zones.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-119 is to remain open and unplugged at all times except during testing. The door to the room in which SCP-119 resides is to be locked for all periods except during experimentation, with the entry codes given only to authorized research and security personnel. An industrial-grade disinfectant will be available nearby at all times, and the inside of SCP-119 is to be heavily disinfected before any testing. The contents of SCP-119 are to be monitored through the viewing window on SCP-119 at all times during testing, and will be stopped immediately should the contents become hostile or otherwise damaging to SCP-119.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its importance to the Foundation, SCP-120 is to be kept under video surveillance and armed guard at all times. Any personnel attempting to utilize the item without authorisation are to be terminated immediately. All personnel wishing to use the item are required to submit a filled copy of the application form (Document #120-23) to facility operators.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment Site-83 has been established outside SCP-121 to house personnel dedicated to the containment of SCP-121. The perimeter of SCP-121 is to remain fenced off from the surrounding area, with guards stationed along the perimeter at all times. Guards are to don local military uniforms and remain heavily armed at all times. Rotation of guards is to occur every four hours.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-122 is to be stored in a standard containment chamber, containing a single electrical outlet. No personnel dormitories are to be constructed within 500 m of the containment area. At no time should SCP-122 enter an unpowered state. Several redundant power systems are to be maintained and inspected regularly. In the event of SCP-122-1 manifestation, 35 members of site personnel assigned to enact containment are to be deployed outside the containment chamber. If it becomes hostile, Procedure-99-Renmar is to be enacted. Due to the potentially disastrous side effects in the event of cross contamination, at no point are SCP-122 and instances of SCP-3060 to be stored at the same facility.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-123 is to be held in a secured facility and is to be securely fastened to the top of a sturdy table by use of straps, chains, a net, or similar device. Absolutely no hooks shall be fastened to the device. The object and table should be centrally located in a room no smaller than 5 m x 5 m x 5 m. No sensitive measuring devices should be used within 100 meters of SCP-123, as their measurements will be noticeably affected. More significantly, absolutely no objects should be inserted into SCP-123 except under experimental conditions.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-124 is to be kept in a 4.2 m x 2.1 m stone pit in its containment cell. The pit is to be 1.5 metres deep. A plastic tarp is to be placed over SCP-124 when not in use. Absolutely no biological matter is allowed within one metre of SCP-124 when not being studied. An armed guard is to be stationed outside SCP-124's cell at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Supports for instances of SCP-125 are kept in padded boxes and covered with a fine nylon mesh that allows vision through, but obscures the surface of the mirror by at least 25%. These supports consist of a polished metallic surface (currently silver-plated brass) with no sharp or irregular edges, which must imperatively be smoothed out to prevent rips in the protective mesh. To further prevent incidents, any person penetrating the room where SCP-125 is located must also wear such a protective mesh over their face. Metal-plated glass mirrors should be avoided for the purpose of containment as SCP-125 is capable of moving from the glass itself to the metal surface.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-126 is kept within a standard Euclid-class Humanoid Containment Cell despite not having needs consistent with that of a normal human or any kind of nourishment as this environment has proven the most effective in keeping SCP-126 contained.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-127 is considered no more dangerous than a normal firearm of its type. However, due to its extraordinary properties, it is to be held in Weapons Locker 7-C when not in use and suspended in water rich in calcium and protein. At this time, only the research team assigned to SCP-127 has clearance to access it.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-128 is to be held in a windowless containment chamber with blast-proof doors and walls and a ventilation system that maintains Class 100 cleanroom conditions inside. The interior of the containment chamber is to be monitored remotely by cameras welded in place with protective grating. The speakers and laser monitoring system must be similarly welded into place and protected with grating. The entry to SCP-128's containment chamber must include an antechamber with a second locked door that cannot be viewed from the chamber door.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-129 is at large in the world and infects large numbers of humans and animals daily. As such, containment efforts are focused on treatment of infected individuals and on eradication of any or all member species of SCP-129. Although at least 98% of the world's population harbors a natural immunity to one or more species of SCP-129, outbreaks that reach Stage Three or higher (described below) must be contained as quickly as possible, with infected individuals quarantined under highest-risk contagion protocols. See Document #129-A-1 for further information.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-130 is to be staffed by twelve D-Class, six security agents (level 2/130) and one researcher (level 3/130) twice per day, starting at one half hour before local sunrise and sunset. All staff are to be appropriately uniformed and Caucasian only. When not staffed, two security agents will remain in the lobby, and two additional agents will patrol within the building. Agents are advised not to prevent people from entering the lobby, but to notify MTF Alpha-4 (“Pony Express”) to intercept anyone who receives mail or a package.
Special Containment Procedures: No special safety procedures are to be taken with SCP-131-A and SCP-131-B. They are free to travel about Site-19 so long as they do not attempt to enter any restricted areas or attempt to leave the facility. Casual contact with the subjects is permitted, but it is recommended that such contact be kept to a minimum to prevent the creatures from forming an attachment to personnel. Hourly tabs are to be kept on subjects at all times; failure to account for their presence at these times constitutes a level one lock down situation. Any report of abuse or mistreatment of the subjects will result in harsh reprimand.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-132 are to be cataloged and etched with an appropriate designating mark. SCP-132 is to be stored at Containment Sector-██ when not in use. No special clearance is needed to have access to files relating to SCP-132 and instances of SCP-132 may be requisitioned for office decoration in any non-Command Foundation installation. After incident 132-01, no instances of SCP-132 are to leave Containment Area 23 without approval by the Sector Director. Following the incident detailed in Addendum 03, standard classification procedures are reinstated on SCP-132.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-133 are stored in their original shipping crates, which are to be stored within a standard Safe-class storage container at Site 19. Experimentation with SCP-133 may only be performed with prior written permission from at least two (2) Level 4 Personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-134 is currently contained within a specially outfitted humanoid-containment cell, measuring six (6) meters by eight (8) meters. Since SCP-134 is completely blind, special safety precautions must be taken with the room's furnishings. SCP-134 is reasonably accustomed to the position of all objects in the cell and navigates mostly from memory. SCP-134's room currently contains:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-135 is to be contained in a partitioned plexiglass chamber at least 7 metres to a side. All sections are to be completely sealed off from one another to avoid cross-contamination. SCP-135 itself is to be in a central section with 1.0 to 1.5 square metres of floorspace, with a 5 cm-wide runoff trench around the perimeter that drains into a tank, the contents of which are to be piped into an incinerator at the end of every week. The remaining space in the containment chamber is to be used to house 5 chemical harvesting vats, one vat per partitioned section. A single access corridor is to lead from SCP-135's section to outside the chamber. No personnel are permitted within SCP-135's effect radius; all maintenance, taking of samples, etc., are to be carried out by remote-control robots. Disciplinary measures need not be taken against personnel that violate this rule, because the direct consequences of SCP-135's effects have been deemed consequence enough. Robots are to be maintained and cleaned by Level 1 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: No extraordinary containment procedures are necessary. SCP-136 is to be kept in a standard 10 m x 10 m x 10 m concrete containment room. SCP-136-1 is to be kept in a locked transparent plastic case, measuring 0.5 m x 0.5 m x 0.5 m, placed on a table in the center of the room. Video surveillance is unnecessary when SCP-136 is not being actively examined. As of incident I-136-c (see Incident Reports), only Class D personnel may enter the SCP-136 containment chamber more than once in any thirty day period without special authorization from Director ██████.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-137 is to be kept in a locked room, with a hairbrush and posters depicting a country meadow to keep it placid and tractable. SCP-137 is to be fed three meals a day. Under no circumstances are any toys allowed to come within five hundred (500) meters of SCP-137.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-138 requires minimal containment procedures. For humanitarian purposes, subject is currently being kept in a chemically-induced comatose state.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-139 is to be kept in a room at least six meters at its smallest dimension, suspended at least two meters from the nearest inside surface of the room. No one is to enter this room under any circumstance. The room is never to be left without at least two armed guards at any moment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-140 must never be brought closer than 15 m to any source of standard ink, human blood, or other fluids suitable for writing. Any contamination by blood or ink must be reported immediately. Any remaining copies of SCP-140 created during the initial printing must be found and destroyed as soon as possible. Only SCP-140 is to be preserved, for purposes of study, early warning, and cataloguing and recording possible SCPs derived from its subject matter.
Special Containment Procedures: When not in use, SCP-141 is to be stored inside a locked safe in Site-76. Access to this safe requires security level clearance 3 or higher and written approval to use SCP-141. When SCP-141 is in use, either for implementation in accordance with Foundation goals, or for research purposes, it is to be kept within the possession of the assigned researcher at all times. Failure to account for SCP-141 will result in a severe reprimand.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-142 is to be kept locked in an accessible room with the following:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-143 is to be contained in the valley adjacent to Bio-Research Area-12, an area over 2 km². Area surrounding SCP-143 for up to 20 km, and all lines of sight from the surrounding hilltops, are to be denied public access. SCP-143 is to be watered twice every day on a regular basis via a large sprinkler system, unless already watered by local precipitation. Personnel are not allowed to enter the enclosure without Level 4 administrative clearance, and are advised not to touch any of SCP-143, nor stand beneath them unless wearing proper protective gear. It is important that no one be within the containment area when SCP-143 begins to shed, however after the shedding has concluded, the collection of the fallen petals for testing purposes has been authorized by the project director (see SCP-143 Testing Log).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-144 requires the presence of only one Foundation observer to monitor and issue updates on the condition of SCP-144. The Tibetan Buddhist monks who maintain the site live in solitude and secrecy. A heavy mist condenses around the small mountain that hosts SCP-144, which itself resides in a small valley between two greater mountains, Mount [DATA EXPUNGED] and [DATA EXPUNGED]. This mist is present most of the year and the thin rope itself is only fairly visible to the human eye within a distance of 3 km. Air travel within a 70 km radius has been restricted with the cooperation of the Chinese government.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-145 is to remain inside its room at all times in a .5m x .5m x .5m plexiglass container unless being studied. Room is to be thoroughly soundproofed and securely locked when studies of SCP-145 are not in progress. Under no circumstances shall any personnel come into physical contact with SCP-145 without being accompanied and constantly observed by one or more other personnel unless conducting testing with proper authorization. Any personnel showing signs of intense psychological trauma must be immediately escorted out of the containment area. Depending on the level of trauma of affected personnel, they may be required to submit to consultation with an approved psychiatrist for no less than two weeks.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment procedures have been revised after it was noted that the effects of SCP-146 were sharply and dangerously increased under previous containment (a standard one-half (0.5) meter cubed secure-storage bin). The bin should remain free, however, should a researcher wish to test SCP-146 at high intensity. Level 3 clearance is required for any personnel wishing to enclose or cover SCP-146 for a period exceeding two days.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-147 is to be kept in a simulacrum of a 1950s-era living room. Its current container contains a throw rug, two armchairs, a phonograph, a rotary telephone, and other suitable decorations. SCP-147 will reject any items dating from later than late March, 1965 (See Addendum 0-40). It requires no external power source or connection.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-149 in any of its instances is to be kept inside a sealed plexi-glass box for observation. Oxygen and a nutrient mist are to be released into the containment cell every two hours. If any instance of SCP-149 escapes its cell, Protocol-42-Charlie is to be brought into effect on any and all contaminated personnel, by order of O5-12, after Incident 149-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-150 patients kept for study should be contained in Level-3 Biohazard Containment Cells, with no more than 1 instance per cell. Cultures of SCP-150 are contained in vacuum-sealed glass flasks in the Site-42 infectious materials lab. Standard pathogen-handling procedures should be followed at all times. Any instances of SCP-150 found outside of containment are to be incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-151 should be kept in a locked storage compartment, covered by an opaque cloth. The keys to the compartment should be kept in the custody of the site commander when SCP-151 is not being researched. When research is being conducted, SCP-151 may be kept in a locked laboratory, provided it is always covered when not being used.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-152 is to be kept in a locked chamber in Site-49, henceforth referred to as the "reading room". The reading room is off-limits to personnel below clearance level 2. The reading room will be equipped with one ceiling lamp, one security camera, one scanner-copier-printer (to be restocked with paper and ink as needed), one standard office chair, and one standard office desk upon which SCP-152 will rest. When not in use, SCP-152 is to be turned to its last page, so that any additions made to it can be immediately observed. A single guard will be posted outside of the reading room to deter unauthorized persons from entering the reading room. All personnel are advised to remain quiet if they are near the reading room.
Special Containment Procedures: Specimens of SCP-153 are to be kept isolated in acid-resistant containers measuring no less than 10 m x 10 m x 5 m, partially filled with sewage and organic material, at Bio-Research Area-12. Every four hours, both the level of organic content and the structural integrity of each container must be checked. Under no circumstances are these containers to be connected to any internal or external plumbing system.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-154 is to be kept within Weapon Locker 8, in Armed-Research Site-47. Personnel wishing to research or use item must submit the required request forms. Anyone attempting to remove the item without clearance, or from outside of the facility is to be terminated on sight.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-155 is contained in a heat-treated and radiation-shielded containment chamber at Site ██. Recovered documentation and the reverse-engineered compiler for SCP-155 are available for all personnel with sufficient clearance on Site ██'s secure file server, but execution of programs on SCP-155 may only be performed with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 3 Senior Researchers. Please see Document 155-EXEC-1 for radiation and thermal safety procedures for the safe operation of SCP-155.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-156 is to be kept in refrigerated Storage Unit 19c except when removed for experimentation. Subjects infected by SCP-156 are to be restrained and monitored for their own safety. From September 21st-March 21st, infected subjects should be kept within a secure storage unit unless the experiment’s parameters indicate otherwise. Both storage facilities should be monitored by security camera. The termination and autopsy of D-Class Personnel assigned to SCP-156 should be delayed until after March 21st. No personnel are permitted to consume SCP-156 except D-class personnel unless approved by a level 3 staff member.
Special Containment Procedures: When not being used in an experiment, SCP-157 is to be stored in its cryptobiotic form, in a dry, airtight container. It is estimated that SCP-157 can survive in this condition for at least 10 years. Specimens needed for experimentation can be removed from storage and given water then food to restore them to a usable state.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-158 is installed in Operating Theater 07 in Bio-Research Area-12. Personnel are not to be allowed in, nor is power to be supplied to the room, unless they have submitted, and had approved, a proper clearance requisition form to the Chief of Research Prof. █████. Personnel wishing to use the device must request and read the entire transcribed instruction manual in full. During the device's use, two (2) armed guards are to remain on standby outside the room at all times. In the event of an accident, all power must be cut to the room instantly, and guards are to examine the room carefully for any signs of misconduct. Misconduct will be punished in a manner decided by the Chief of Research on a case-by-case basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-159 is currently kept in a Secure Storage Locker at Site-██. Knowledge of SCP-159 is restricted to those of Level-3 or higher, and access is restricted to Level-4 or higher. SCP-159 may not be used by any personnel except for extenuating circumstances. O5 command may order SCP-159 to be moved at any time that it becomes necessary to use SCP-159 to prevent a destructive scenario.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-160 is kept in a secure bio-containment chamber at Site ██. SCP-160 is to be fed live prey in the form of a rabbit or other animal of similar mass once per week, with feeding to be performed via automated delivery system only.
Special Containment Procedures: All three instances of SCP-161 are to be kept in separate containers in containment locker 34 Zeta. Each container is to be triple locked, with all nine keys to go to separate members of the Senior Staff. Once every three months, each individual instance of SCP-161 is to be removed from containment. Current scheduling allows for only one instance to be removed in any given month.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-162 is to be kept in a sealed steel container at all times. Any handling is to be done with thick steel-plate gloves and heavy body armor. Any personnel attempting to touch SCP-162 without proper protection, or acting in an erratic or non-responsive manner, are to be immediately removed from the containment area. All personnel are to submit to mental testing and review for two weeks after interaction with SCP-162.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-163's enclosure consists of four adjoining rooms, 3 m from floor to ceiling, with the following attributes:
Special Containment Procedures: Cultures of SCP-164 should be contained using standard Class-3 biohazardous procedures, and stored clearly marked within a refrigerated biocontainment unit at 10 degrees Celsius. While pathogenic, SCP-164 is not highly infectious; while researchers working with raw cultures or infected subjects should use caution, latex gloves and face masks are generally effective at preventing the spread of the disease. Any personnel inadvertently infected will be subject to six months of chemotherapy upon first showing symptoms, and surgery as necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Housed in a facility at Armed Bio-Containment Area-14, SCP-165 is to be treated as a contagious, pathological organism. The highest sterilization and quarantine procedures are to be followed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-166 can be kept safely in a minimal security environment. As of ██-██-████, SCP-166 is housed in a standard Class B suite at Site-17, with the following alterations:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-167 is currently kept in Room ██ of Research Command-06. Its door is to be padlocked at all times when not under study. Anyone wishing to obtain the key to conduct unscheduled exploration of or to study SCP-167 may do so only with the permission of the relevant level 3 personnel assigned to this SCP.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-168 is to remain in observation room 221-D of Sector-28. It should be propped at the full angle that its casing allows, facing the unshuttered window provided. The entrance is to remain locked, with entrance available by request. Based on prior research, it is not to be used as a normal calculator would. Discussion with SCP-168 is encouraged, but is to be limited to a maximum of one hour per day; no exceptions.
Special Containment Procedures: Because of its size, SCP-169 cannot and almost certainly will never be contained—no structure on Earth is large enough or strong enough to contain SCP-169. The location of SCP-169 is not precisely known, but imaging satellites and analyses of eccentricities in the Earth's orbit suggest SCP-169 is located in the southern Atlantic Ocean, possibly stretching around the tip of South America (see Addendum 0-20).
Special Containment Procedure: SCP-170 presents no danger, and as such can be contained safely in any secure storage locker. However, due to the potential misuse of the substance, as well the limited quantity of SCP-170 available, no personnel may remove it from storage without prior approval from Dr. ███.
Special Containment Procedures: A 4500-liter pool of sea water located at Bio-Research Area-12 is the current research location of SCP-171. Though not immediately dangerous, minimal physical contact between secretions of SCP-171 and its hosts are to be observed. All communications between hosts and researchers are to be recorded and transcribed. Human hosts are to be fed a vegan diet of their choosing. Other animal hosts are to be fed appropriately. Fresh sea water is to be cycled into its tank regularly.
Special Containment Procedures: Any personnel wishing to access SCP-172 must receive written approval, and undergo a one-hour training session. All interaction with SCP-172 must be overseen by at least one class 4 operative, who may end the session at their discretion. Any and all records, drawings, or correspondence produced by SCP-172 are to be submitted immediately to Dr. █████ for review. Reasonable requests made by SCP-172 are to be granted after approval by Dr. █████. SCP-172 is allowed out of its containment area with approval, as long as it is accompanied by an armed class 4 operative.
Special Containment Procedures: Item SCP-173 is to be kept in a locked container at all times. When personnel must enter SCP-173's container, no fewer than 3 may enter at any time and the door is to be relocked behind them. At all times, two persons must maintain direct eye contact with SCP-173 until all personnel have vacated and relocked the container.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-174 is to be contained within Storage Unit-07 at Site-19. Removal of SCP-174 from containment requires the approval of two (2) Level-4 personnel familiar with the entity. It is preferable to use personnel with high Psychic Resistance Scale scores when interacting with SCP-174. All personnel in contact with SCP-174 are to undergo psychological evaluation; those who display obsessive or protective tendencies toward the item are to be treated with Class-B amnestics and monitored for 72 hours.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-175 is to be kept in a metal safe when not undergoing testing. The safe is to be secured in a storage room at Site-███, with other low-maintenance SCPs. The room will be guarded by two security guards at all times in accordance with security protocol [DATA EXPUNGED].
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-176 is contained on-site under the cover of industrial chemical contamination. Any civilians attempting to enter SCP-176 must be detained.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the safe level of the object, SCP-177 is to be contained in Dr. Calib's room, to be moved only at his discretion, or at that of a Level 4 Administrator. SCP-177 is to be kept in a Level-4 storage locker. During use of SCP-177, standard rules of chess must be adhered to; any test subject attempting to cheat or deviate from these rules is to be escorted from the room.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-178 is to be stored in a Class 3 Anomalous Object Container guarded by no fewer than two (2) armed personnel with Level 3 clearance when not undergoing testing. Item is to be removed from containment only with the written permission of personnel with Level 4 clearance or higher. Following Incident #178-14-Alpha all tests are to be monitored remotely and the presence of all personnel apart from test subjects in the testing area during experimentation is expressly prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-179 remains beyond the reach of currently known groups of interest, including the Foundation. All containment efforts are to be focused towards a Grade 3 Omission cover-up, coupled with the discouragement or sabotage of exploration and research missions that attempt to study cis-Mercurian space and orbits that go through it.
Special Containment Procedures: All head wear (including hair clips and bows) is restricted in Reliquary Research and Containment Site-76 for all outside security. Anyone violating this rule is subject to complete physical search, auditing of travel within Site-76, and DNA identity testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-181 lives in the class D personnel dormitories on Bio-Research Area-12. SCP-181 is, for all intents and purposes, a Level 0 clearance personnel, knowing vaguely the nature of the SCP without any sensitive information having been revealed. Researchers and surveillance staff are reminded to not single SCP-181 out of his class D group. SCP-181 is to be rotated to a new dorm once a month instead of regulation class D termination. SCP-181 is not to be submitted to any new or Keter classified SCP testing sessions.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-182 is to be kept in a small environmentally-sealed structure on an otherwise-uninhabited island situated 10km off the coast of Greenland. A team of five (5) guards are to be assigned to guard the subject at all times. Guards are to be examined for psychological damage once per month; guards who show any signs of damage are to be recalled from their post and are required to undertake a full course of psychiatric therapy prior to returning to duty. No single individual is to spend more than six (6) months at a stretch on 182 guard duty, and are required to spend a minimum of three (3) months on a different assignment before returning. Personnel are entitled to refuse this assignment if they have already spent a total of eight (8) months or more on the island. SCP-182 has requested to be kept under heavy sedation for 20 hours per day. Following Incident 182-7, this privilege has been revoked.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-183's container must be soundproofed and lined with heavy steel plate. Size of the container is unimportant, as SCP-183 has no apparent preference and will use as much space as it is given. Personnel are strongly advised to avoid entering the container; this is pointless and exceedingly dangerous, and any desire to do so may be indicative of hitherto unobserved psychological capabilities of SCP-183's song (see below). Openings in the container are to be small and brief, preferably exclusive to feeding purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-184 is not to be contained in any structure. SCP-184 is to be attached to a high-power electromagnet at all times. Should the electromagnet fail, agents are to report to SCP-184's containment area and prevent access to all unauthorized personnel until the electromagnet is restored to power. The containment area for SCP-184 is currently configured to resemble a park with SCP-184 and its containment magnet disguised as statuary. Any and all visitors are to be monitored.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-185 is to be kept in a soundproof room with noise-filtering microphones for monitoring purposes. Standard guard procedures are to be used for this object. Ear protection must be worn by all occupants in the chamber, excluding test subjects.
Special Containment Procedures: The site of SCP-186, comprising an approximately 300 km2 area, is to be closed to the public under the auspices of a habitat restoration initiative for the European bison. An automated security perimeter is to be established, monitored by staff at Remote Site-355. Security personnel must patrol SCP-186 every two weeks; any anomalous phenomena observed within the security perimeter must be documented and reported to the Research Director.
Special Containment Procedure: SCP-187 is to be attended full-time by medical personnel, who are to tranquilize or sedate her as needed. She is to be kept under a full set of medical restraints to prevent her from harming herself; specifically, she is to wear padded mittens at all times, in order to prevent her from attempting to damage her own eyes.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-188 poses no direct threat to any Foundation assets, SCP-188 is to be contained in Storage Unit J6-455. Its presence is to be noted during the biweekly Survey of Site Assets. During this time, any environmental effects exerted by SCP-188 are to be reversed.
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-189 are to be stored in Cryo-containment Facility ██, with any surplus destroyed by incineration. Test subjects infected with SCP-189 are to be kept in a sealed containment chamber with an airlock that includes a chemical shower. Personnel interacting with test subjects must wear standard NBC hazard suits throughout their time inside the containment chamber, and submit to a chemical shower before exiting the airlock on their way out. When test subjects expire or are terminated, their remains must be sealed in an airtight container or body bag, which is subjected to the same chemical shower as the personnel carrying it out of the containment chamber, and disposed of by incineration.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-190 is kept in Security Locker 23 at Site 41. Children under the age of 10 are not allowed within 50 meters of SCP-190 except under testing conditions. All personnel working at Site 41 are to be made aware of SCP-190's secondary effect, and its innocuous nature. Personnel transfer requests made due to SCP-190's secondary effect are to be expedited, unless doing so would violate the special containment procedures for another Item.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-191 is currently housed in a 6 m x 6 m room at Site-17. To date, SCP-191 has not made any requests for furnishings or entertainment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-192 is safely contained within SCP-192-F. SCP-192-F is located in Room 9-24, a standard Foundation Grade-R secure room rated for radioactive objects in Site-125A's North Wing. Room 9-24 must always have at least four functioning Geiger counters. An inspection of Room 9-24's radiation proofing and the Geiger counters must be carried out fortnightly. The housing for SCP-192 must not be breached under any circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-193-01 is to be contained in Bio Site 42 bio-hazard locker 532-F at all times except during approved experiments. Every 24 hours, all instances of SCP-193-02 are to be removed from SCP-193-01 and incinerated except on feeding days. Once each week, one instance of SCP-193-02 shall be provided with 30 cc of human mucus and left in containment with SCP-193-01. Physical contact with any element of SCP-193 without full level 2 bio-hazard gear is strongly discouraged. Personnel believed to be suffering from exposure to SCP-193-03 shall report to a supervisor for immediate medical examination and assistance.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-194 are to be kept in an aviary on the grounds on Site-43. The area around this aviary will be fenced in with no less than fifty (50) meters of space between the aviary itself and any part of the fence. SCP-194 is to be fed daily on dead rodents; discarded feathers from SCP-194 can be collected at the time of feeding. Only personnel that do not have a history of introversion or isolation may be tasked with feeding SCP-194. Instances of SCP-194-1 are to be kept in a locked chamber underground in Site-43. This chamber will be furnished with straw and a ceiling light to simulate the sun. SCP-194-1 is to be fed a diet identical to that of SCP-194 with the addition of feathers from SCP-194 on request. At no time may SCP-194-1 come into contact with SCP-194 unless SCP-194-1 has fully transformed into SCP-194. Personnel are forbidden to interact with SCP-194-1 outside of interviews and other events scheduled with Dr. ████████████. Personnel who have had unauthorized interactions with SCP-194 or SCP-194-1 must undergo mandatory psychiatric evaluation.
Special Containment Procedures: One case containing seventeen (17) bottles of SCP-195 exists in Foundation custody. It is kept in a number three Secure Containment Locker unit in the Safe-class storage section of Site-1279. Access to SCP-195 requires written authorisation from no fewer than two Level Four personnel and accompaniment by a member of site security. Due to the untested possibility of exposure due to the inhalation of evaporated SCP-195, access requires full level-C HAZMAT kit including respirator gear.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-196 must be kept wholly ignorant of any information regarding the reason for his containment. The subject is to be kept in a two room cell inside Site-17. This cell is to be furnished with whatever SCP-196 requests as long as the request does not show any obvious likely lethal use and does not violate any SCP procedure. Subject must cohabit with at least one (1) member of the Site's Level 2 security personnel who must be armed exclusively with non-lethal weaponry. Subject is allowed to freely wander the installation if accompanied by at least one (1) member of Site-17's security personnel. Note that all staff below Level 3 have been told he is a Safe class object. SCP-196 has agreed to wear a satellite tracking anklet. Subject was told that removal of this anklet would result in his death, but this is not actually the case. SCP-196 displays no extraordinary physical ability, thus probability of escape is negligible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-197 is maintained on site by local research team Beta-5 "Green Thumbs." Plants may not be removed from SCP-197 without permission from the plant, Dr. Kingsley and appropriate documentation. Plants which are removed from SCP-197 must be monitored and retrieved if necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-198 is located in a secure room of Site-██ with armed guards posted outside to prevent any unauthorized access. SCP-198 is to be stored under 24-hour video surveillance in a sealed and locked case (0.5 m x 0.5 m x 0.5 m) and the key kept in a secured location accessible only to those personnel with Level 3 clearance and above. Under no circumstances are any Foundation personnel to handle SCP-198. All handling of SCP-198 is to be done via remote robotic means or by D-class test subjects only.
Special Containment Procedures: A garden of SCP-199 has been built at Site-19 for research and containment. The garden is kept in a ventilated containment unit with artificial light suitable for plant growth and an automatic watering system. The ceiling is covered with an electrified grate capable of destroying instances of SCP-199-2. The entire chamber is to be surrounded with a Faraday cage to prevent emission of SCP-199-3.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-200 requires a temperate, secure environment, large enough to house the 1.68 x 2 m bed frame it is affixed to. The room should be equipped with a large viewing window such that SCP-200 may be observed with minimal disturbance. In fact, when not being directly tested, SCP-200 should be left undisturbed. Particular care should be taken when collecting samples to avoid compromising the delicate outer shell of SCP-200.
Special Containment Procedures: No personnel are to come within forty meters of SCP-201 at any time. Any and all work done with SCP-201 is to be performed via remotely controlled drone. Any personnel entering the containment area must be accompanied by two members of security. All personnel in containment area must wear a restraint harness with safety rope attached to the wall. Rope will allow access to within three meters of the minimum safe area. Exceeding this distance will result in physical removal from containment area and formal discipline.
Special Containment Procedures: Research is being conducted on SCP-202 at Bio-Research Area-12. Here, researchers are actively seeking to understand and cure the condition plaguing SCP-202. He is granted full amenities of Level-0 personnel quarters when not being examined. SCP-202 is under the assumption that he is in a hospital and is not to be made aware that his 'doctors' are in fact SCP researchers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-203 is to be kept in Storage Bunker 3-A at Research Facility ██ while powered down. Two D-Class personnel equipped with sound filtration equipment are required to guard Bunker 3-A in case of accidental activation of defense mechanism. While active, SCP-203 is to be accompanied by an armed escort to any testing procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-204-1 and SCP-204-2 are to be kept in a 10 m x 10 m fortified holding area in Site-██. The holding area must be constructed out of armor plated steel and heavily-reinforced concrete. The holding area must also be vacuum sealed and contained within an outer shell with a higher air pressure that must always be maintained with at least 2 PSI over the current air pressure in the holding area. At least one full security team must be kept on standby at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-205-1 and SCP-205-2 are contained within Chamber 52 at Site-23, under regular observation via the adjoining observation room. SCP-205-1 and SCP-205-2 are to be supplied with power and face the white projection screen on the wall opposite the observation window at all times. Chamber 52 requires monthly maintenance to ensure the continued operation of both SCP objects, their power supply and remote activation controls. Replacement parts and bulbs are kept on hand in the chamber. Maintenance is suspended during the final month of the SCP-205 cycle, occurring in April and October of each year. Should power to Chamber 52 fail it is to remain dark and sealed for a period of thirty days before local security enters to re-engage power for continued observation and containment.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-206 is currently unable to be secured, an information suppression plan has been put into effect to conceal its existence. Frequencies known to be used by SCP-206 are to be monitored, and all images relayed to Earth via other probes or satellites deleted from non-Foundation assets after they have been retrieved. Technology and astronomy websites, journals and periodicals are to be monitored for discussion of the rover or the receipt of unusual photographs (see Document 206-AA12 for complete list). Persons who become aware of the existence of SCP-206 are to be administered amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-207 is to be stored in a waterproofed locking metal container measuring 1 m x 0.5 m x 0.5 m. The key is to be issued to the current head researcher of Site-██'s bio-containment area. SCP-207 is to be retained inside this area at all times, and all personnel entering the area should be checked for any food or drink items, in addition to any other searches required. Any staff seen ingesting SCP-207-1 are to be retained for future study, with all Foundation clearance levels removed.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to his docile manner, minimum containment procedures are to be applied to SCP-208. SCP-208 is to be housed in a 10 m x 10 m room decorated in traditional Egyptian style, furnished with a single couch and a stereo system stocked with music of North African origin of any era. Surveillance is to be maintained during all movement outside of containment. SCP-208 is approved to operate at Site-17’s medical wing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-209 is to be held in a 0.5 m x 0.5 m x 0.5 m pressure-sealed storage locker, insulated to prevent any potential aroma from release to the surrounding area. Access to SCP-209 is limited to a single Class 2 or higher staff member for any transport. A standard security detail should accompany any transport of SCP-209 at a distance of at least twenty-three (23) meters. No more than one (1) human subject of any classification should be within the minimum safe distance of twenty (20) meters of SCP-209 at any time outside of a research trial setting.
Special Containment Procedures: The property containing SCP-210 has been designated as Site-███. The primary responsibility of guards on Site-███ is to prevent entry by trespassers and maintain the cover story detailed in Document 210-01. The servant's quarters adjacent to SCP-210 have been deemed safe for human habitation and may be used for on-site housing. A remotely controlled vehicle is to be sent into SCP-210 on a monthly basis to catalog any changes.
Special Containment Procedures: Because of the suburban location of SCP-211, the surrounding neighborhood has been vacated through intentional introduction of pollutive industry and redistricting, to promote “NIMBY” sentiment. In addition, the property surrounding SCP-211 is currently under Foundation management, and an armed guard has been stationed in the buildings. Unauthorized personnel entering the area are to be terminated on sight.
Special Containment Procedures: Use of SCP-212 must be cleared by the current containment site’s chief medical officer. Any subjects undergoing operation by SCP-212 must submit to full physical and psychological testing both before and after exposure. Resistance to testing will result in termination of subject.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-213 is contained in a high security humanoid containment cell within Site-77. The chamber is to be surrounded by a 10 meter wide zone filled with gaseous materials corrosive to human skin. SCP-213 should be informed as to the nature of its containment, to prevent manifestation of its effect which would result in additional containment breaches. A staffing of two guards armed with high pressure hoses, oleoresin capsicum, and polymer web grenades should be stationed outside the containment unit at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-214 is to be contained in a 4 by 4 meter quarantine cell suitable for long term human habitation within Bio-Research Area-12. It is to be considered an etiological agent of a level four biohazard. Level four biohazard containment requires clean rooms, pre- and post-entry decontamination showers, and a vacuum antechamber. All air and water sources to SCP-214's containment area are to be isolated from the rest of the area. All employees entering SCP-214's containment area must wear hazmat-suits with self-contained oxygen supply and supplemental cut-resistant liner. The cell shall be under continuous observation using remote video surveillance. SCP-214 is to be considered a danger to itself and others and shall not be allowed to possess potentially dangerous utensils. Due to SCP-214's distinct perception of pain, guards shall not cause physical injury to it except under the direction of Level 2 staff.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-215 presents no threat unless worn, and so shall be kept in Dr. Naamdi's office until studies are concluded. SCP-215 is to be kept in its case when not in use, so as to prevent scratches to the lenses.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-216 currently resides in Laboratory 5. Access requires Level 2 clearance. Insertion of recording devices into SCP-216 is prohibited without O5 approval.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment area is to be kept behind two reverse-pressure airlocks. Chemical shower sterilization, full contained-atmosphere haz-mat suits, and 24-hour post-interaction quarantine and testing are mandatory for all personnel entering containment area. Should containment be breached, the blast door for the containment and research area will seal, and chemical agent ZEER-217-11 will be pumped into the air.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-218 is contained within a standard aquatic specimen tank (saltwater). Tank maintenance is to be carried out by remote drone only. No further procedures are required.
Special Containment Procedures: When not in use, SCP-219 is to be kept in a dismantled state. All of SCP-219's parts, as well as replacements for those parts, will be stored in the Engineering Division warehouse on the grounds of Site-43. SCP-219 is not to be tested within twenty-four (24) kilometers of any Foundation facility that houses Euclid or Keter-class objects.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-220 is housed in an empty condominium on property recently acquired by Research Sector-09. The subject believes the building to be occupied by other residents, and should be allowed to persist in this belief.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-221 is to be kept in a locked container where it cannot be removed except for further testing by Security Clearance Level 2 Personnel. The container is a 15.25 cm by 15.25 cm steel box with a cushioned interior, with an internal locking system. The container is to be placed in a locked room, with a guard to ensure that SCP-221 is not taken.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-222 itself requires no special containment. It also cannot be moved. The site is guarded by SCP Foundation personnel as well as a rotating mix of US, Italian, and NATO soldiers (none of whom are aware of its significance). Foundation personnel travel to and from the site very often, and their true numbers are carefully hidden from the soldiers (and usually from personnel below clearance level 3).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-223 is kept in a locked containment vault in Site-19. If the two (2) photos missing from SCP-223 are recovered, they should be stored in two separate, specially prepared vaults at Site-17.
Special Containment Procedures: Item SCP-224 is to be stored in a soundproof enclosure with acoustic destructive interference nodes. Nodes must be replaced on a weekly basis by remote means due to the erratic nature of SCP-224’s effect; non Class-D personnel are not to enter the enclosure. Additionally, SCP-224’s enclosure must be kept free from moisture to avoid rapid oxidation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-225-1 is contained at Site-65 for study and experimentation. No guards are necessary for the object itself, as theft is impossible and the object is harmless for the moment. Ongoing tests are to be made to find a way to eliminate SCP-225-1, or at least to find a way to move it from its position in a controllable fashion.
Special Containment Procedure: SCP-226 is to be kept in a locked cabinet within the Site-██ Secure Item Storage unit. Any person wishing to use SCP-226 must have approval from any personnel with at least level 3 Security Clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-227 is to be kept in a climate-controlled room, at a temperature of 21-24°C and humidity no higher than 10%. Anyone touching the object is required to wear surgical gloves; a supply of these is to be kept with SCP-227 at all times. Food, drink, cigarettes, or any other sources of contamination are not allowed inside of the containment area. Loose clothing, hair, or other adornment is not recommended. Only personnel with Level 3 clearance or higher are allowed access to SCP-227, although lower ranking staff are allowed to use the object while under supervision. If SCP-227 needs to be transported to another location, it should be sealed in an insulated, airtight container filled with an inert gas.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-228 will be used to conduct experimental psychiatric testing at Site-23.
Special Containment Procedures: No electrical devices of any kind are allowed inside or within thirty meters of the containment area. Any and all personnel entering the containment area are to be clad in lead-lined clothing and helmets. Anything found to be infested by SCP-229 is to be immediately incinerated and the resulting ash and debris contained and disposed of under protocol XJR-99.
Special Containment Procedures: Following repeated escape and suicide attempts, and based on the failure of containment for SCP-231-1 through 6, containment of SCP-231-7 has been amended to the following: SCP-231 is to be contained within a soundproof holding cell, adjacent to holding cells for six Class D Personnel assigned for the purposes of Procedure 110-Montauk. Cameras will monitor every inch of the cell at all times, and must be manned 24 hours a day. Malfunctioning monitoring equipment will be replaced without delay by psychologically screened staff. Doors will be magnetically locked, openable only by positive action by the control and monitoring facility. This includes all doors linking the main holding cell to those of the six Class D Personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-232 is to be kept in a locked safe in the Cognitohazard wing of Site 73. When not in use for testing, its batteries are to be removed. When batteries are not installed, SCP-232 may be handled safely by any authorized staff member. The Foundation is to monitor online auction houses and dealers of vintage toys, and acquire any products of the same model as SCP-232 for testing and disposal. Any other instances of SCP-232 discovered are to be archived appropriately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-233 is to be kept within a cubical vanadium-lined container, dimensions 23 by 23 by 23. The unit of measure is irrelevant. A 23-meter safe zone is to be established around the object: no Class D personnel older or younger than 23 years of age are to be allowed within the safe zone. For optimal results, Class D personnel with birthdays falling on the 23rd of the month should be used. No firearms other than those chambered for special-purpose .2323 caliber rounds are to be allowed within the containment chamber. Shift changes will occur at 23 minutes past the hour, with the final shift change occurring at 2323 Greenwich Mean Time exactly.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-234 is studied at Containment Area 06-234, which encompasses the 300 meter radius Red Zone of SCP-234. The main laboratory building within the Red Zone is built as an "open-air" structure, with no doors or closed windows. No closed containers or spaces of any kind are allowed within the Red Zone of SCP-234. Any space which inadvertently becomes closed within the Red Zone is to be declared a Class II dimensional/implosion hazard and must be remotely destroyed on-site following mandatory evacuation of the laboratory area. Personnel trapped within a closed space are to be considered lost.
Special Containment Procedures: Currently, four (4) instances of SCP-235 have been recovered. All instances are to be kept in a secure storage locker within Reliquary Research and Containment Site-76. Authorization of two (2) Clearance Level 2 staff is required to remove an instance of SCP-235 from storage for research and testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: Any and all materials leaving the containment area are to be scanned for any contamination by SCP-236. Any objects showing contamination by SCP-236 are to be immediately returned to the containment area and cleared of contamination. Personnel leaving the containment area must submit to a full physical examination and X-ray.
Special Containment Procedures: The recovered components of SCP-237-1 have been individually shrink-wrapped, and are to be stored separately; laser grids are established around each component to detect any incipient signs of activity.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-238 is currently contained by the original means. Current SCP protocols have proven unable to fully contain SCP-238. All exploration of SCP-238 is suspended until full, sustained containment has been achieved. Any and all personnel attempting to enter SCP-238 are to be physically restrained and moved to an outside containment area. Upkeep of the current barrier is top priority, and a minimum of two personnel are to be present at all times for upkeep and security.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-239 is to be kept within a one room cell furnished with 1 (one) bed, 1 (one) EKG machine, and 1 (one) IV to be filled with pentobarbital mixed with [DATA EXPUNGED] to be refilled daily. Under no circumstances is SCP-239 to be removed from her containment area at any given time. The walls of this cell are to be coated in a telekill-lead alloy. Only Class 2 personnel are allowed any contact with SCP-239 at any time. All personnel guarding SCP-239's containment area are to be equipped with Telekill headgear (SCP-148). Subject's proper name is Sigurrós Stefánsdóttir. Under absolutely no condition should the subject ever be awakened. Any personnel found attempting to awaken the subject will be immediately terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-240 is to be kept in the Secure Artifact Storage Facility in Site-77. Due to its age and delicate construction, SCP-240 is to be contained in a vacuum sealed container with humidity and temperature levels constantly monitored and controlled. The mouthpiece is to be permanently covered. No subjects are permitted to enter SCP-240's containment chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-241 is to be kept at Site-19 using standard operating procedures for containing Safe-class book- and manuscript-type SCPs (see Document 241-05-3H), with the following additional conditions: SCP-241 must be kept open on a flat surface, with restraints across opposing pages of the open book to keep it from closing accidentally. Containment devices must be checked at least once a week for structural integrity. Any anomalies must be reported immediately to Site Command.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-242 is kept at a home located in ████████, NM procured by the Foundation on ██/██/████. The original owner was an out of state landlord who had problems keeping it rented. After retiring, he moved there, but disappeared after three days.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-243 is to be secured in the geometric center of a standard containment cell no less than 16 m x 16 m x 16 m. The cell is to be connected to an adjacent room of similar size and composition by one standard lockable door; all exits to the cells are to be kept locked and guarded against unauthorized access.
Special Containment Procedures: When not in testing, SCP-244-1 is to be placed in a room with its own thermostat, kept at a temperature of no less than 38℃. This room must also have its own ventilation system to provide constant air circulation. SCP-244-1 will rest on top of a scale attached to an alarm, so that any abrupt changes in weight from SCP-244-1's cap's sudden removal or from SCP-244-1's displacement may be immediately detected. If the alarm goes off, SCP-244-1 is to be immediately retrieved, capped, and placed back on the scale. In the event that SCP-244-1 spends longer than four (4) hours uncapped and active before retrieval is possible, initiate Procedure 244-2123-B.
Special Containment Procedures: Copies of SCP-245-1 are to be contained on airgapped computers. These computers are to be located on floor 10, section C of Site-88. Individual iterations of SCP-245-1 are to be monitored and completed on a regular basis to ensure continued containment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-246 is to be kept in a wooden crate within Site-██'s secure storage. Researchers who requisition its use for experimentation are responsible for their own room arrangements. SCP-246 is otherwise not to be removed from its container, especially for recreational use.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-247 is kept in an enclosure of at least 20 (twenty) by 40 (forty) meters, furnished based on the plans provided by the [REDACTED] Zoo and lined with SCP-148 offset from the rest of Site-██ by at least 50 (fifty) meters in order to mitigate its psychic effect. (As per current containment procedures for SCP-148, its use in the containment of other SCPs is to be avoided if at all possible. - O5-█). SCP-247 is to be fed 18 kilograms of fresh meat on a tri-weekly basis. Feeding occurs in a separate enclosure. Cleaning staff should enter the enclosure only during designated feeding times. No other access to the enclosure is allowed. The footage resulting from any violation of this order is to be archived for use in training the cleaning and monitoring staff of SCP-247.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-248 is to be kept in a fire-proof safe in Dr. Mize's office unless being used directly for testing purposes. The safe has a keypad-style opening mechanism. Any personnel of at least Level 2 Security Clearance have full permission to access SCP-248, as the numeric code is [REDACTED].
Special Containment Procedure: SCP-249 is affixed to a wall within Site-██. Access to SCP-249 is unrestricted, though an accurate log of destinations must be kept and submitted to a Level-4 supervisor every four (4) weeks. No SCPs of any class may be brought or kept within one thousand (1000) meters of SCP-249 without Level-4 approval.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-250 is to be kept in a 50-meter-by-50-meter enclosure simulating a prairie environment, with padded steel walls 15 m high and 1 m thick. The temperature must remain between 20 and 28 degrees Celsius by day, and between 10 and 14 degrees Celsius by night, with an average humidity of no more than 8%; this serves the dual purpose of ensuring that SCP-250's overall behavior remains predictable, and of maintaining the physical integrity of its component parts. Vegetation within the enclosure is to be maintained on a weekly basis; see document 250-MB48 for details.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-251 is to be kept in a locked container at all times. No one is to enter the container alone. If anyone is found to have been left alone in the container for any amount of time, they are to be treated as violently hostile and terminated with extreme prejudice.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-252 is to be contained in a 150 m3 aquarium, reinforced with high tensile steel plating. Guards are to be specially trained in water-borne combat techniques and armed with model-B74H harpoon rifles with high-capacity electrical discharge shafts. The tank is fitted with 15 remotely-activated depth charges, which are to be detonated simultaneously if a containment breach is imminent A breeding pair is maintained under the direction of marine biologist Dr. ███████. Personnel should not approach the containment tank unless they have been previously prepared for the anomalous effects of the animals.
Special Containment Procedures: At this time, SCP-253 poses a substantial threat to humanity. SCP-253 is to be kept under Biosafety Level-4 protocols at all times. All research is to be conducted at a site where incineration and irradiation protocols can be swiftly enacted, that is geographically isolated, and does not possess a diverse biosphere. The sterilization protocols shall be enacted following the occurrence of any event on this list:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-254 is to be kept in a standard storage locker when not in use. When in storage, it must be placed face-down on the floor of the locker and secured with straps to prevent accidental activation. Use of SCP-254 may be requested by any department head, and must be approved by at least two (2) level-3 personnel. SCP-254 may not be used in a capacity that will result in SCP-254-1’s contact with SCPs posing a memetic contagion hazard. Under no circumstances is SCP-254 to be active in a single department or area for longer than twenty-six (26) days. Reuse is permitted only if the area in question has undergone a complete personnel rotation (i.e. no employees remain who have had previous contact with SCP-254).
Special Containment Procedures: Tissue samples and specimens related to SCP-255 are contained at Bio Site-16, a purpose-built containment and research facility designed to Priority Beta contagious phenomenon specifications. Bio Site-16 is subject to a remote location personnel rotation waiver in addition to standard contagious phenomenon preventive quarantine periods. Bio Site-16 is located in the Vaitupu Atoll of Tuvalu on an island owned by Ragnarik Ecological Modeling Inc., a Foundation front organization.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-256 is contained within a cubic chamber 3 m (10 ft) on a side, with 1 m (3 ft) thick walls composed of a mixture of brick and rubberized layers, with two conductive rods sticking out 18 cm (7 in) from the walls to either side of the entrance. Entrance is restricted by a soundproof airlock. Chamber is to be constantly under surveillance by EMR device and video camera. Entry and surveillance are restricted to only authorized personnel who have undergone surgical adaptation to resist the effects of SCP-256. To see a list of authorized personnel, see document SCP-256b. Personnel not on this list may enter if they are security clearance Level 3 or above, but must wear sound-canceling earphones. All personnel must be stripped of all electronics, ferrous metals and conductive material. They are also required to wear a specially designed insulated and redirective bodysuit (HAZMAT-ELEC) which must be tested before wearing, before entrance, and after exit with a significant charge. A taser is supplied and is rated high enough for testing use. The only recording allowed aside from the EMR device is done by hand. SCP standard office paper is suitable, but writing instruments must be nonconductive. Crayons are kept on hand.
Special Containment Procedures: Owing to the immobile nature of SCP-257, Site 93 has been erected outside of SCP-257. Access to the interior of SCP-257 is restricted to level two containment and recovery personnel and above. Motion-detecting video cameras have been set up throughout SCP-257's exhibits to monitor any new biological specimens that appear.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-258 is to be kept in a standard storage vault with a keycard lock to be accessed only on approval from the supervisor of Site 15. SCP-258 is to be stored in a 2m x 2m basin, which is to be emptied twice a week by approved D-class personnel. All personnel interacting with SCP-258 are to be rotated no less than twice a month. While using SCP-258 is not directly harmful in any way, all who have utilized it have expressed a desire to do so again, ranging from the wistful to the vehement. All personnel interacting with SCP-258 are to be screened for underlying mental instability.
Special Containment Procedures: A single copy of a computer program capable of producing SCP-259 is to be kept on compact disc in the High Security Containment Vault at Site-25. As discs containing SCP-259 are typically destroyed during experimentation, additional copies may be made for approved experiments.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-260's current location and target are to be tracked by Foundation personnel. The current target is to be relocated between ██████████ and █████'██ (due to the nature of the intervening terrain), whenever SCP-260 approaches its vicinity.
Special Containment Procedures: Any access to SCP-261 must be approved by staff with level 2 security clearance or higher. Any and all items dispensed by SCP-261 must be recorded, along with the amount of money entered and the amount of time elapsed between uses. Currently, SCP-261 may be used only ten times in a twenty-four hour period, with no transaction exceeding the equivalent of 500 Japanese yen. Testing approved by Site Command is not under these restrictions.
Special Containment Procedures: Currently, SCP-262 is undergoing review and research to see if it is capable of being used by field agents in the acquisition of other SCPs. Monitored use by commander level authority is preferable. It is inadvisable to allow agents unsupervised usage of SCP-262 at this time. When not in use, SCP-262 is kept in a climate-controlled room at Site ██, guarded by at least two Level-2 Security personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-263 is to be stored in a low value items storage vault at Site-19. It may be removed for testing provided permission from a level 3 researcher and a fire-resistant area to conduct testing in. All testing with SCP-263 is to be recorded. Subjects testing SCP-263 are allowed a mobile telephone, a PDA, or a netbook computer with full, unrestricted access to a complete, synchronized copy of the Foundation's data banks, stored in a dedicated database server to guarantee full retrieval of any records entry in no more than 200 milliseconds if and only if they are terminated immediately after testing has concluded.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-264 is to be contained in a 16 by 16 meter room of standard reinforcement. Two guards are to be stationed outside of this room at all times, circulated every twenty-four hours. The room is to be monitored every day for a minimum of two hours. SCP-264 requires no nourishment of any type. No support is necessary either, as SCP-264 suspends itself through an unknown source of levitation.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation Site-54, -109, and -110 have been provided SCP-265 specific sub-taskforces in order to study SCP-265. Each houses a small fleet of tactical aircraft as well as Agents trained in standard Foundation information-gathering and interrogation techniques. Civilian cover stories and disguises are preferred - see Document 265-B for further protocol.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-266 is to be kept in a 10 m x 10 m air-tight containment unit, with the internal temperature maintained at or above 48°C by an independently-powered heating unit. Access to containment requires Level 2 or above clearance, and thermal hazard suits are to be utilized and maintained during all interaction.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-267 is contained in a cave formation within Site-37. Live animals must be supplied to replace any that succumb during the course of feeding. A population of livestock is maintained on site for this purpose. Any personnel interacting with SCP-267 organisms should be furnished with level 4 isolation equipment, and a tranquilizer weapon and stun gun for protection.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-268 is currently to be maintained within [DATA EXPUNGED], as it has been deemed that the change of use for facilitation of escape by restricted personnel or humanoid SCP is too great. However, the possibility of use by field agents after further testing is under review. See addendum 268-05.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-269 is stored in a standard Safe-class secure locker at Site-19. Experimentation with SCP-269 may only be performed on Class D personnel, and only with prior approval from at least two (2) Level 3 Senior Researchers.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-270’s immovable nature, a structure has been built around it that outwardly appears to be a large farmhouse, henceforth called Outpost Delta. Outpost Delta is to be staffed with a minimum of ███ trained personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-271 is to be stored as long as possible in Containment Unit !12 in ███ █ █████ ████████████████████ ██ ████ on a meter-high stone pedestal (SCP-271-01), which will be flooded with water and sealed off in a hollow 5-cm-thick sphere, composed of glass saturated with iron. Permanent neodymium-████████ magnets will be mounted around the (standard-sized) room to suspend the sphere in-air and repel unwanted intruders. The room will be lined with pyrolytic carbon to contain the magnetic field generated by the magnets. The door to the room is to be left unguarded and disguised as an ordinary janitorial closet, and kept locked by an unobtrusive password box mounted in the wall down the hallway and around the corner that appears to be a thermostat. Dr. Vg is to change the password on a monthly basis. All study is to be observation-only until further notice. In case of unauthorized access electromagnets in the room are to be activated by remote to destroy the glass sphere so that recovery may be simplified.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-272 is to be contained in a small wooden box in a vault at Sector-25. Apart from this, no further containment is necessary, as the object is completely inert when not in use. Care is to be taken not to drop the item during transit.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-273 is held in an enclosure 5 m x 10 m in size, half of which is closed off for the subject's privacy. All major structural and facing materials of the cell are of fireproof and non-thermally-conductive materials. A bedroll and other modest furnishings are allowed, provided they remain in the private section, and that all consumption of food be performed in the adjacent area.
Special Containment Procedures: Any buildings found to be infected with SCP-274 are to be reported immediately to a superior and the leader of Mobile Task Force Pi-1 (“City Slickers”). MTF Pi-1 is to incinerate cases of SCP-274-1, and secure the infected building(s) by forming a quarantine with a 1 kilometer radius under the guise of the local police and fire department. MTF Pi-1 is to terminate any cases of SCP-274-2 through the use of high-pressure fire hoses. Civilians insisting on entering an instance of SCP-274-1 are to be detained, and have one class B amnestic administered. Any apparatus used to contain or handle SCP-274 should either be incinerated, or entirely composed of metal or glass, and washed thoroughly immediately after use. The cover story for a containment breach of SCP-274 should be gang-related arson.
Special Containment Procedures: Subject is to be contained within two 6 m x 6 m (20 ft x 20 ft) subterranean cells, that is only accessible by a freestanding overhead elevator, although she is allowed short term access to the communal facilities contingent on good behavior, and is accompanied by no fewer than two operatives, all armed with gas grenades filled with an incapacitating agent.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-276 is to be indefinitely moored at Site-██’s docks, with access given only to personnel with Level 3 clearance or higher. Considering its unique qualities, no objects originating from an earlier (or possibly later) era than our own are to be taken onto SCP-276 due to the potential for loss of valuable materials. Regular maintenance is to be carried out after SCP-276 has been made incapable of operation, due to containment issues.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to difficulties inherent in containing SCP-277, it has been placed under a Level-█ lockdown. Activities of the residents of SCP-277 must be monitored by no less than ██ embedded agents, and civilians are not to be aware of Foundation presence or influence. Any attempts to contact civilians within SCP-277 by those outside SCP-277 must be investigated. Personnel must undergo psychological screening before being assigned to SCP-277.
Special Containment Procedures: Without any input into its controls, SCP-278 will construct its web in any dimly lit, large open area, preferring high 90 degree tri-corner roosts spanning 300 cubic meters. Those personnel at its controls report that the ease of piloting SCP-278 appears inconsistently simple in comparison to the complexity of the mechanisms involved and the lack of any electronic guidance.
Special Containment Procedures: There is no known way of inhibiting SCP-279’s movements. As SCP-279 has not yet been sighted outside of its host town, D███, the city has been placed under a Level-█ lockdown. No media regarding SCP-279 are permitted to leave the town. If at all possible, the civilians are to be kept unaware of the anomalous properties of SCP-279, as well as the fact that their city is being monitored. SCP-279 requires no other containment methods to remain secure. A minimum of 2 agents are to follow SCP-279’s movements as closely as they are able.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-280 is to be contained in a 5 x 5 meter cell, and no equipment of any kind is to be left inside when staff are not present. Containment area is to be kept in total darkness at all times. Any items taken into the containment cell must be removed by staff at the end of testing, and any staff entering into containment must wear infrared goggles and be equipped with an infrared ID strobe and a strong flashlight.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-281 is currently contained within maximum security storage locker 18-E on level 7 of Research, Reliquary, and Containment Site-76. SCP-281's lithium-ion battery pack is to remain plugged into the site's main power grid unless used in testing. Necessary cables have been supplied and are stored with the object.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-282 should be kept in a containment locker outfitted with a standard array of explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic high-level defenses. Personnel entering SCP-282's containment must be verified with a retinal scanner, and no experimentation sessions lasting longer than 3 hours are permitted.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the strange but harmless nature of SCP-283, it is to be kept in a secure box against the east wall of room E-107 at Site-137. Aside from that, SCP-283 can be handled by any personnel as long as they are observed by at least a level 3 member of staff, who is to keep watch over SCP-283 to prevent petty theft.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-284-1 and SCP-284-2 are to be kept under minimal security protocols, with occasional off-site trips when approved by a Level 4 or higher personnel. During these trips they are to be accompanied by a minimum of one Level 1 researcher and one Level 1 field agent. Their quarters are a standard humanoid containment room with two beds. When offered separate containment quarters, they replied that privacy is moot.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-285 is to be kept in a Level-III humanoid containment chamber on Site-43's B-Wing. SCP-285 is to be given basic amenities. Following SCP-285's recent cooperation with the Foundation, it is allowed exactly two hours of free roaming Site-43's botanical gardens with supervision by at least one guard if it so chooses.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-286 is to be kept in a secure containment cell at Site-19 that allows an open, secure perimeter of at least 50m radius around SCP-286. Only D-Class personnel are permitted to have direct physical contact with SCP-286, and only as part of an approved experiment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-287 is stored in a climate controlled secure locker in Site-22 in order to prevent additional deterioration. At this time, no additional testing is required, but may be approved by Dr. Sigurd Ólafsson. Sources of electricity are to be kept away from SCP-287's locker at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-288 is to be kept in a locker, with only security personnel of level 2 clearance or higher given the combination. They are currently contained in the small, velvet-lined black box they were retrieved in.
Special Containment Procedures: Currently located at Site-17 under the supervision of Dr. ███ ███████, SCP-289 is to be suspended on a 10 cm x 10 cm platform in the exact center of a 5 m x 5 m x 5 m concrete room. It is to be monitored at all times by no fewer than two mounted cameras whose video feeds will be recorded and archived if deemed necessary upon review. Every thirty (30) days, SCP-289 is to be moved to an identical housing facility on the other side of Site-17 to avoid unnecessary inertial buildup. No personnel are allowed to approach closer than a 1.6 m radius of SCP-289 unless they have prior authorization from two Level 3 supervisors attached to this project. Additionally, any personnel interacting with SCP-289 are to have read all authorized documents relating to SCP-289 and to have a thorough understanding of its capabilities and the time limits involved.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-290 is to be held in a 5 m x 5 m x 5 m cell at Site-19. Personnel are forbidden from interacting with SCP-290 except during an approved testing procedure, and any personnel who attempt to do so must be terminated with any force necessary. During any interaction with SCP-290, three guards with full knowledge of the object must flank the object's aperture; anyone (other than Class-D personnel) attempting to enter must be removed from the object's cell. Subjects who undergo reconfiguration are terminated at the conclusion of experimentation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-291 must remain disconnected from any power source when not in use for testing. A team of two personnel should remain on guard outside SCP-291's containment room, and will be swapped out weekly. While disconnected from a power supply, SCP-291 may be considered safe. SCP-291's main entryway closes and locks upon disconnection from a power supply, but the door may be opened manually from the interior in the event of any personnel being trapped.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-292 is to be kept at Site-72, in a guarded room in a locked, padded container set up to avoid movement of or damage to SCP-292. Access to SCP-292 is prohibited without Level-3 authorization. Site personnel must report all incidents of déjà vu or related symptoms to Site Administration.
Special Containment Procedures: Any items affected by SCP-293 are to be contained in an opaque container, and kept sealed when not undergoing testing. Any items found to be affecting staff or subjects not undergoing testing are to be immediately destroyed. Any anomalous activity by SCP-293 affected items is to be reported to Site Command as soon as possible.
Special Containment Procedures: There are no standard special containment procedures on file for Item SCP-294. However, only personnel of security clearance level 2 or higher are allowed to interact with it (see document SCP-294a). SCP-294 is currently being stored in the 2nd floor personnel break room and is monitored by two guards of security clearance level 3 at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-295 is to be contained within a 50 m x 50 m concrete room, with all surfaces coated with flame retardant material. All personnel entering and exiting containment must comply with level 3 contamination screening. Three (3) flame retardant exposure suits are to be maintained on the premises and are required for any and all testing involving SCP-295. Feeding will occur once per week, and consists of a meal of 20 kg of naturally grown pinewood, harvested near the Site-19 facility.
Special Containment Procedures: Armed Containment Site-03 has been in the process of reconstruction since the discovery of SCP-296 in the geometric center of the destruction caused by enactment of Emergency Protocol XT-████ (refer to Document #1E-027, Addendum 1, viewable in ████████████). Re-installation of tactical thermonuclear devices in a primary perimeter between the established 100km quarantine perimeter and the exposed region of SCP-296 has also been initiated. As SCP-296 has already exhibited resilience in the face of annihilation-grade weaponry, it is suggested that the TTN devices be calibrated to deliver a high-yield, low-radius explosion so as to minimize damage to ACS-03's existing structures.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-297 is to be kept in a standard lockbox at Site 19's High Value Item Storage Facility. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure. Personnel wishing to utilize SCP-297 for experimental or field purposes must fill out a Form-32 and submit it to the head of Research and Containment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-298 is to remain disassembled at all times when experimentation is not being performed. As per standard protocol, each piece of SCP-298 has been stamped with an individualized serial number and radio transmitter. Due to SCP-298's effect on replacement parts, requests to replace original components of SCP-298 must receive special approval.
Special Containment Procedures: A 200-metre-wide forest of SCP-299 is to be contained in an underground biodome (Area-299) in the [REDACTED] desert. All other specimens encountered are to be incinerated. No plant life is to come into contact with SCP-299 outside of controlled testing. Areas infested by SCP-299 should be considered class-8 hazard zones, firebombed immediately, and monitored for four (4) weeks. Any further infestation is to be incinerated, as well as all wildlife present on the site.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-300 is stored in a locked and climate-controlled container at Site ██. Experimentation on SCP-300 may only be performed with prior written permission from at least one (1) Level 3 Senior Researcher, and any observations made must be recorded for later analysis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-301 is to be kept in a secure, electromagnetically sealed bunker buried under at least ten meters of earth to conceal its location. The bunker is to be staffed by no fewer than four level three security personnel at all times in order to secure the site and to maintain automated security measures. The perimeter of the bunker is to be lined with a chain-link fence with official warnings to deter intruders. Due to the remote location of SCP-301, additional security is not required.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-303 has not yet been known to travel beyond the boundaries of Site ██, the entire area of Site ██ is currently considered SCP-303's containment area. All rooms in Site ██ are to be altered where possible so as to have two entrances separated by a distance of 10m or line of sight. Personnel are to be distributed evenly throughout the facility, with available radio or intercom contact, so that encounters may be resolved quickly. Personnel who witness SCP-303 are to be submitted for immediate psychiatric evaluation.
Special Containment Procedures: The existence of SCP-304 is currently being masked by the constant transmissions of the ███████ space probe. This masking transmission is coded so as to prevent the deciphering of SCP-304 by any non-Foundation personnel. This transmission is in addition to the probe's publicly known communication with Earth and its conventional scientific operations conducted by NASA. The ███████ and its currently inactive replacement are on a course that will permanently keep them between the Earth and the estimated source of SCP-304. Should the original probe fail, its replacement(s) will immediately begin transmitting at the same frequency and assume all public communications as though it were the original probe.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-305 is presently immobile. Site-305 has been constructed around its present location, a wooded canyon near [REDACTED], and is staffed by at least seven (7) personnel who have prior experience with SCP-305 and proved resistant to its effects. The remainder of the station crew should be rotated on a weekly basis. SCP-305’s effect grows weaker if human subjects are exposed to it for extended periods of time; therefore, a resistant subject should be exposed to it for at least three (3) hours daily.
Special Containment Procedures: Frozen samples of SCP-306 are stored at Bio-Research Site-101. Research on SCP-306 is to be carried out under Biosafety Level 4 protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-307 is to be kept within a 0.5-meter square stainless steel planter, within a hydroponic growth chamber equipped with remotely operated light and sprinkler. The sides of the planter are to be equipped with retractable circular blades, the controls to which must be located outside the containment cell and manned at all times. The hydroponic chamber is to be kept within a 5 m x 5 m x 3 m room with stainless steel walls, floor, and ceiling. There are to be no windows in the room - all light will come from the hydroponic grow light, and any observation of SCP-307 is to be done over a security camera. The temperature of the room is to be kept at 15°C to discourage seed production.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-309 is currently stored in a secure glove box in the level 2 research lab at Site-██. Routine physical examinations of SCP-309 as well as experiments involving small animals may only be conducted using the glove box. Removal of SCP-309 from the glove box for testing on larger animals or humans requires the approval of Dr. ██████ or equivalent level 4 command personnel. Human testing is restricted to D-class personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: When not used in experimentation, SCP-310 is to be kept in a 0.3 m x 0.3 m x 0.3 m sealed vacuum case composed of flame retardant material. The research chamber surrounding the vacuum case shall be similarly flame retardant and be kept saturated with carbon dioxide, nitrogen, or other fire extinguishing agent when testing is not taking place. Standard Foundation protocols to prevent unauthorized access should be kept in place.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-312 is kept in a large life-form containment chamber at Site-19. As it does not require feeding, only researchers are permitted access to the chamber. All personnel entering the chamber are provided with wide-brimmed hats and advised not to look directly upward.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-313 is to be kept unmounted and disconnected when not being tested. Access is strictly prohibited except with special permission from a level 4 official. Under no circumstances are personnel to press the button, save for officially sanctioned testing under rigidly controlled conditions. Please see Addendum 313-a.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-314 is contained at the location of its original discovery at Site 47 which has been built around the anomaly. Local personnel publicly operate under the guise of the US Forest Service.
Special Containment Procedures: Object does not require any special storage arrangements. However, it is currently kept in an opaque cardboard box, away from strong light or heat sources, under the assumption that this will slow the natural decay of any stored data on the object.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-316 needs no special containment, other than to prevent misuse by unauthorized personnel. Those operating SCP-316 should wear highly reflective full-body wear to prevent accidental exposure. Personnel privy to sensitive information should be kept out of visual range of SCP-316, due to its ability to induce a suggestive state.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-317-1 is to be preserved in a vat of liquid nitrogen. Requests for tissue samples from SCP-317-1 must be made in writing; all research into tissue samples from SCP-317-1 must be in compliance with class-5 biohazard protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-318 is to be kept in the center of a chamber at least 5 m by 8 m by 5 m, resting on a hydraulic lift to allow examination of the underside of the device. The door to this chamber is to be kept locked at all times, with access codes available to any Level 3 or higher staff, with access by personnel of Level 2 clearance or below requiring approval from at least one Level 4 staff member.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-319 is to be contained in place at Site-319 inside a hermetically sealed vacuum chamber 20 meters in diameter. The chamber housing SCP-319 must be insulated and the surface temperature controlled to present an absolutely uniform thermal gradient. SCP-319 is to rest on a platform with an active mass damping system, and the relative position of the housing for each instance of SCP-319-1, and the diameter and position of SCP-319-2 shall be continually monitored by high precision laser rangefinders. Any deviations in the position of any instance of SCP-319-1 by greater than 0.01% on any axis, or any change in size or position of SCP-319-2 by greater than 0.001%, is deemed a potential Götterdämmerung Scenario, and a risk of a ZK-0 Event. Foundation-wide initiation of protocol Omega-319 is mandated in response to such an event until such time as the positions of SCP-319-1 are returned to optimal and SCP-319-2 has ceased growth and movement.
Special Containment Procedures: When not being researched, SCP-320 is to be carefully slowly lowered into its 6m3 solid foam transport tray, which is in turn slowly lowered into a 37 metric ton stabilized vault. These precautions are designed to provide a buffer of lightweight, safe material should SCP-320 be accelerated beyond control and to keep SCP-320 as motionless as possible during containment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-321 is to be kept in a regulation containment chamber. SCP-321 has been outfitted with extensive braces, to make up for weaknesses in bone structure and muscle mass. Its artificial heart is to be examined once a month for any damage. SCP-321 is to be fed three times daily. Solid foods are excluded from its prescribed diet. Three staff members are on temporary SCP-321 assignment at this time. SCP-321 is to be given three hours a day of exercise and physical therapy, with the rest of its time not involved in experiments to be confined to its cell. While SCP-321 is incapable of asking for anything, it has been allowed several stuffed toys.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-322 is to be contained in a secure locker in Storage Unit-3. SCP-322 can be utilized for certain missions or for research, but a full length proposal must be submitted and accepted.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-323 is to be kept in a 17m x 17m x 17m concrete containment cell in Site-91. The object is to be restrained in the center of the cell within a 1m3 container of 8.8cm thick transparent armor lined with one-way laminate, which is to be fit with one (1) electronically locked access port. This container is to be internally lit, with the surrounding cell kept dimmer to facilitate the one-way laminate. The cell is to be surveyed remotely at all times, and any signs of activity are to be reported.
Special Containment Procedures: While SCP-324 does not require efforts beyond basic botanical maintenance to thrive, access to its products are to be strictly controlled to prevent theft and possible uncontrolled cultivation. SCP-324 is to be contained within a secure solarium or equivalent agricultural facility in a minimum of five (5) cubic meters of soil. Soil should be maintained at a consistent pH of between 4 and 4.5, with a minimum 12% humus (or similar organic compound) component to topsoil. A misting system or other remote means of watering should be implemented to minimize the number of staff with access to SCP-324.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-325 is to be held in a standard 30 cm x 10 cm x 10 cm steel box. This box should be waterproofed and lined with hydrophobic rubber, and stored away from any washing facilities. If SCP-325 breaches containment, standard Foundation issue NBC protection suits are to be used to spread desiccant on the affected area. All used desiccant should be incinerated according to standard incineration procedure. SCP-325 can be safely stored at any Site, and with any SCP.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-326 is contained at Armed Bio-Containment Area 14. Due to SCP-326's severe iatrophobia, personnel who will interact with be seen by SCP-326 are not to wear lab coats. Due to SCP-326's post-traumatic stress disorder, her tendency to undergo panic attacks, and the increased danger she poses to personnel during these episodes, SCP-326 is never to be beyond sight of a 'panic room' into which she can flee; the path between SCP-326 and the closest panic room is to remain unobstructed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-328 is to be kept in a secure locker in storage area 328-A. Access for research requires Level 3 authorisation and will be permitted in most instances. Due to its unclear nature, SCP-328 is not to be allowed into contact with any data-reading device with a connection to the internet or the Foundation intranet. Electronic devices which have been used to study SCP-328 should be clearly labeled "SCP-328 Use Only" and stored in storage area 328-A for common use in case of unidentified viral properties. A small isolated lab adjunct to storage area 328-A (designated 328-B) has been established to this end.
Special Containment Procedures: The building in which SCP-329 is located has been purchased by a Foundation front company and designated Site ██. Access to the site is restricted to Level 3 personnel. Facility personnel to undergo full-body scans at least every 48 hours.
Special Containment Procedures: Considering recent incidents, SCP-330 is to be kept in secure storage until further notice. Level 2 Clearance is required for access to SCP-330 or its contents. All direct experimentation of SCP-330 is to be conducted using Class D personnel with no genetic history of diabetes. No more than two (2) samples are to be removed from SCP-330 at any time, except during exposure testing.
Special Containment Procedures: When not being used, SCP-331 is to be kept within a typical electronic 7-digit metal safe in Dr. ███████’s office. The code is to be changed on a monthly basis by Dr. ███████. Personnel who wish to examine SCP-331 must ask Dr. ███████ for authorization beforehand.
Special Containment Procedures: Observation Station 55-b has been constructed to monitor and study SCP-332. Fences designed to contain SCP-332's stationary effect have been demolished, and replaced by a research station dedicated to observing SCP-332 in its dormant state.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-333-A 1-1618 are to be stored in a standard Secure Containment Locker within Site-██, accessible only by personnel possessing Level 3 Clearance or greater with authorization of at least two (2) Clearance Level 4 personnel. As testing with SCP-333-B and SCP-333-C has concluded, any performance of SCP-333-A is strictly prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-334 is to be kept in a standard heat-treated containment cell, surrounded by magnetic field generators positioned so that all six sides have an overlapping field projecting at least fifteen (15) centimeters from the inner cell walls. Each generator is to have multiple redundant backups and power sources, including emergency batteries capable of maintaining full magnetic field output for no less than thirty (30) minutes. Maintenance of the anti-heat coating is to be carried on a weekly schedule, with subject to be transferred to a secondary cell to allow for more extensive repairs, if needed. Three (3) live mice are to be introduced to its cell at a random time every day to reduce chances of subject learning the pattern and attempting escape. Due to SCP-334's hunting and burrowing instincts, the floor of containment is to be reinforced with an anti-heat coating, or made of a substance with a melting point greater than ████ degrees Celsius, with the magnetic containment field underneath reinforced to approximately 1.5 times that of the other surfaces. Subject hunts in a fashion typical of foxes, with a strong downward pounce, which has proven capable of penetrating a small distance into the containment fields, and has been the cause of █ containment breaches to date.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-335 is to be kept in a secure location to prevent tampering.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-336 is to be provided living quarters 6m x 6m in size, maintained regularly. This maintenance, as well as all other tasks requiring direct contact with SCP-336, are to be carried out exclusively by female personnel. SCP-336 may make requests for furnishings or items; however, approval of these requests is contingent on SCP-336's cooperation with personnel and subject to the project's head researcher's approval. Requests for access to anomalous or dangerous items are to be denied.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-337 is to be kept within a steel-reinforced 0.5 m thick polished cement containment chamber at all times. Chamber walls must be inspected weekly for cracks and re-sealed as needed. Access will only be available via two-stage vaulted steel door system with a seal tolerance not to exceed 100 µm. Antechamber between the doors is to be fitted with multiple remote-operated liquid propellant flamethrowers. Both chambers are to be externally monitored with wireless security cameras. Damage or repositioning of cameras should be reported immediately. A self-contained, water-recycling shower system will be positioned at the far end of the internal chamber. The system’s water supply and filters are to be changed on a monthly basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-338 is to be activated and constantly monitored at all times, with its broadcasts recorded for later analysis. Every 10 minutes, the channel is to be changed, alternating between the broadcasts at 89.1 MHz, 100.2 MHz, 104.9 MHz and 107.9 MHz. If at any time SCP-338 does not receive a broadcast on one of these frequencies, Dr. ███████ is to be immediately notified and the entire frequency band is to be scanned to determine the status of the remaining broadcasts. Only personnel with Level 3 clearance or greater are allowed to listen to, interpret, or analyze data resulting from recordings of SCP-338.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-339 is contained at Site-49. The room containing SCP-339 is 5 m X 5 m X 5 m and sound-proofed. SCP-339 is sealed in a sound-proofed container on a 1.5 m pedestal in the center of the room. The room is only accessible through an outer sound-proofed airlock.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-340-1, -3, -4, and -5 are to be communally housed in a 10 m x 10 m x 2.5 m tank, with the water temperature maintained between 25°C and 30°C. Anti-depressants and broad-spectrum antibiotics are to be administered intravenously every twelve hours. Medicinal compounds may not be added to the standard nutritive paste without approval. All waste products must be properly sterilised. Any personnel who aspirate water from the containment tank must report to medical staff immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: The exhibition hall of Reliquary Research and Containment Site-76 has SCP-341 on display for all Research and Command personnel to view.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-342 can be safely stored in its case file folder, in an envelope stapled to the inside cover, as it poses no danger so long as it is not actively used. Said case file folder should be kept in a secure file cabinet in High Value Items Storage, and protected by a standard array of biological, chemical, memetic, and physical positive action defenses.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-343 resides in a 6.1 m by 6.1 m (20 ft by 20 ft) room at Minimal Security Site 17. It should be brought any items it requests and visited by at least one staff member each day. Attempts to add further safety precautions or required clearances are unnecessary/impossible due to the nature of SCP-343 (see description).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-344 is to be stored in Site-██, in a high-security storage locker, combination changed weekly. Personnel wishing to use SCP-344 for research purposes should contact Dr. ██████. Due to the hazards presented when a can is opened, it is recommended that a remote-control device be used to manipulate the object.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-345 is to be kept inside a secure vault at Site-██. Seeing as the object is inert by itself, no further containment is necessary. Personnel seeking to solve SCP-345 need the permission of one level 2 personnel. SCP-345-1 is to be kept inside a 5 m x 5 m x 5 m sealed room on Site-██.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-346 is to be kept in a store-bought birdcage at least 1m in height, and 1.5m in width either way. No locks or additional security measures are required, as SCP-346 is no stronger nor smarter than the average parakeet. SCP-346's cage is to contain at least two water dishes with standing perches, to be refilled daily, and fed a diet of five to six medium-sized live crickets daily. SCP-346's cage also contains one tree branch for perching, scratching, and climbing, one open-top nest (purchased at a commercial pet store) lined with moss, and a string with bright-colored bells on it for entertainment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-347 is currently kept at Site 17 in a 5m x 5m room monitored by infrared camera, with attached bathroom complete with shower and bathtub, furnished as per request, containing a queen sized bed, several SUMO brand furniture items, two armchairs, a desk and swivel chair, several bookcases and a TV with a DVD player. The bookcases are filled with various books, primarily adventure novels, harlequin romances, and art books. She is allowed DVDs of various movies and TV shows predating her arrival at the SCP facility, and may request new material to be reviewed every so often. Although SCP-347 does not wear clothing much of the time, she is to be allowed a wardrobe of whatever clothes she requests, as well as makeup and wigs for her own amusement.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-348 is to be kept in a standard locker at Site-19. Personnel wishing to conduct tests involving SCP-348 are to obtain Level 3 or higher authorization, and present a detailed list of intended test subjects.
Special Containment Procedures: When not under experimentation, SCP-350 should be contained within a locked storage unit. No personnel other than those undergoing experimentation with SCP-350 should be allowed to sign SCP-350, no matter what might be offered in exchange. Those who have signed SCP-350 should be allowed to fulfill the terms of SCP-350 until the terms conflict with Foundation interests, at which point they should be restrained or terminated as necessary. Any Staff Member above Level 3 caught signing SCP-350 for any reason must be immediately terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment area is to remain sealed at all times. No human interaction is allowed with SCP-352. Any and all interaction should be carried out via robot or other remote means. Should human interaction become necessary, full hazmat containment protocols should be observed. In addition, security lines must be attached to all personnel. Should any personnel begin to exhibit erratic behavior, they are to be immediately removed from the containment area via the security lines.
Special Containment Procedures: Biological hazard protocol [REDACTED] is to be maintained at all times (Biohazard Threat Level 4). Full hazardous materials suits, gloves, and oxygen supply will be required to examine subject. A disinfectant shower and decontamination spray are standard procedure before and after contact with SCP-353. The whole containment unit is to be kept underground, at negative pressure, and hermetically sealed at all times to prevent accidental contamination to the outside area. In the case of containment breach, all affected personnel are to be placed in immediate Biohazard Level 4 Quarantine. Termination will be required in the possibility of an outbreak of one or more Class 9 infectious agents.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-354's immobile nature, Area-354 has been built around it. Area-354 houses forces and D-class personnel prepared to deal with threats emerging from SCP-354, as well as researchers studying SCP-354 and its properties. For their own safety, no on-site personnel are to approach SCP-354 at any time. Direct interaction with SCP-354 is permitted only for the purpose of research to eliminate SCP-354 and must be approved by O5 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: All specimens of SCP-355 are to be kept in a 5 metre by 5 metre plot of ground in a small terrarium in Site 19 and watered daily. This section is to be kept with minimal air movement to prevent accidental release of seeds, and provided with Standard Atmospheric Mixture #14. Dim, red light is to be maintained in the room. Access to the room is to be granted by Dr. Fieswell, and tests are to be performed under his supervision. All visitors are required to wear a thick-soled environment suit for the duration of the visit. The entrance to the room is to be secured with an airlock and fan system to prevent the accidental release of seeds.
Special Containment Procedures: The remains of SCP-356 are to be kept continuously frozen in Long Term Biological Storage Unit 73A at Site-23. Staff are advised that SCP-356 has been a person of interest to the governments of the United States, the Russian Federation, and the Republic of Azerbaijan since 1986. As such, liaisons to the Foundation serving with these nations or affiliated entities are to be kept unaware of SCP-356's containment in 1986 and death in 1987.
Special Containment Procedures: A 10 kg seed sample of SCP-357 is to be contained within a hermetically sealed container within a 3 m x 3 m x 3 m room at Site-19. Samples removed from the container are not to exceed 1 kg. A detailed log must be kept of all SCP-357 that is produced, complete with accurate records of what had been used to feed it and how much of the sample was subsequently destroyed via compression.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the mental side effects of SCP-358, SCP-358 is to be kept locked at all times except during testing, and all windows are to remain boarded, with regular guard patrols to ensure that no unauthorized entry occurs. The entirety of the building should be sealed air-tight, and any leaks reported immediately along with any signs of forced entry. Anyone found inside the building with reasons other than testing should be evacuated immediately and held for questioning and observation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-359 is to be contained within a 30mx30mx30m concrete structure. This structure is not to be entered between the hours of 9:00 p.m. and 6:00 a.m. local standard time. Any monitoring of SCP-359 during these hours is to be done via security cameras installed within the structure.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents embedded in airport security and sky marshal agencies worldwide are to monitor air travelers and chartered flights for suspected activity related to SCP-360. Individuals suspected of attempting SCP-360 are to be detained, questioned, and administered a Class A amnestic; all items related to the activation of SCP-360 are to be confiscated for research.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-361 is to be kept in a standard Artifact Containment Unit in Site-19's High Value wing. SCP-361 is to be kept in a cool and dry environment to prevent damage to the aged metal it is composed of, and thoroughly cleaned after each use.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-362 may be sealed in a polypropylene bag and stored in an indexed box on-site within Vault 2b.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-363 specimens are contained in a 2 m x 2 m x 2 m room that is to be constantly illuminated by high-powered lighting. This lighting must be connected to multiple redundant power sources, and in case of total system failure, Mobile Task Force Eta-Seven is to be dispatched to assess the threat.
Special Containment Procedures: Since SCP-364 cannot be reached by humans, containment measures consist primarily of finding and suppressing any information about SCP-364 before such information can be publicly disseminated. Foundation assets have been inserted into all major space agencies and most private space exploration companies, with standing orders to report back on any actions planned or being carried out that could potentially expose SCP-364. A task force has also been set up to monitor actions by amateur astronomers, although the chances of independent discovery of SCP-364 from ground-based installations are quite small.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-365 is to be stored in a storage locker at Storage Site-23. SCP-365 must be kept away from any body of water except for testing purposes. SCP-365 is to be kept in its testing pool at all times. The door to the pool is to be locked and guarded by one security guard (see Addendum 365-02). Experiment requests must be approved by a Level-3 researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: All SCP-366 specimens, regardless of stage, are to be stored in a Level 4 Biological Hazard freezing unit at Biological Research Site-66. Cryopreservation is to be achieved through freezing in liquid nitrogen at a constant temperature of -196 °C to prevent activation. Due to the diminutive nature of SCP-366 ova, these specimens are to be stored in a near vacuum class III biosafety cabinet to avoid accidental dispersion, in addition to cryopreservation as outlined above.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-367's containment area is to be checked daily for damage done by SCP-367. Any and all damage to containment area is to be repaired immediately. Should damage exceed that which can be repaired in a 12-hour period, SCP-367 is to be moved to a temporary containment area and kept under constant observation while repairs are made. Any attempts by SCP-367 to damage or escape containment are to immediately be met with Chemical Suppression Tactic A-11 (CST A-11).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-369 is to be monitored by time-lapse camera feed, to be reviewed for anomalous behavior every twenty four hours. Motion sensitive perimeter alert devices should be placed at the borders of SCP-369 each time it relocates, with at least three Level 1 personnel nearby to behave as a semi-active construction crew when under observation. Personnel are to avoid directly observing SCP-369 when no other potential observers are present, though indirect viewing through video or even mirrors has no effect, allowing SCP-369 to continue as normal.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-370 itself is embedded in a small slab of solid lead and kept inside a solid steel box with no openings and 0.5 meter thick walls. Under no circumstances is SCP-370 to be removed from either this box or the lead slab. If SCP-370 becomes partially or completely exposed, blindfolded personnel will be assigned to locate it with a metal detector. An electromagnet will then be used to transfer SCP-370 to a small mold filled with molten lead. Once this has hardened the lead slab containing SCP-370 will be returned to its steel box, and the box returned to its containment vault.
Special Containment Procedures: All specimens of SCP-371 are to be contained in ocean-water tanks, filled with at least seven hundred fifty (750) liters of water (approx. 200 gallon) per specimen at between 2 and 5 degrees Celsius. Walls may be constructed of any waterproof metal or plate glass, and at least two inches thick. Once every thirty (30) days, a live animal weighing between 25 and 45 kilograms (preferably oceanic fish, although in emergencies, any terrestrial vertebrate including humans with the head kept suspended above water will suffice) is to be deposited in the containment unit. Following the completion of the lytic cycle after ten days, several SCP-371 specimens may be maintained, and all extra are to be strained out of the excurrent water, dried, and incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-372 is to be contained in a cell, 5m x 4m x 2m, lined with reinforced plexiglass. Embedded into each of the four walls of this cell will be one infrared motion detector. Feeding will take place once every two weeks, to consist of 1 kg of red meat and uncooked vegetables, to be deposited in its cell via chute.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-373 is to be kept in a containment locker at Site 38. Research into SCP-373 and SCP-373-A iterations is to be carried out by authorized personnel. Grounds for immediate revocations of testing privileges include, but are not limited to: recent loss of loved ones (testing privileges suspended for five (5) years), any history of abuse or inability to follow orders as per containment procedures for other SCPs (testing privileges revoked permanently), any past association with paranormal research or investigative groups (testing privileges revoked until approval given by Site director), or any unusual or persistent interest or obsession with SCP-373 (testing privileges revoked permanently).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-374 is to be stored in a disassembled state. The blade of SCP-374 is to be stored separately from the rest of the apparatus, and must be cleaned and polished with optical-grade polishing cloth and non-abrasive cleanser after each use.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-375 is to be kept under full surveillance by a security detail of no less than five personnel disguised as renovators and contractors. Any subjects attempting to enter SCP-375 are to be turned away, with the cover story of indefinite renovations. All instances of SCP-375-1 are to be kept incapacitated within the bank. In the event of an attempted robbery, personnel are to follow procedure to deposit the robbers as outlined in Protocol Document 375-I2-Linnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-376 is to remain in the Secure Agriculture Facility at Site-██. It is to be linked to a single underground electric cable that is to be powered by a single generator not attached to the main power grid. There is no need for any additional security measures to contain SCP-376 other than the existing security at the Secure Agriculture Facility.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-377 is kept in the Personnel break room, third cabinet to the left of the refrigerator. Any personnel desiring a cookie from SCP-377 may take one (1), and only one cookie, every 48 hours, to ensure that all personnel get a share. Personnel read their fortunes at their own risk.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-378 is to be contained in a Subterranean Entity Containment Terrarium. Temperature and humidity are to be maintained at levels optimal for the growth and habitation of Heterodermia kaincrow1 and Prenolepis everettmann2. Twice per year, SCP-378 is to undergo a medical and psychological examination.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-379 is to be kept in vault-████ at Sector ████-█ when not in use. When being transported it should be carried in a locked and padded container, such as a padded briefcase, as the bottle is fragile. As our supply is limited, all testing and experimentation must be authorized by Dr. ███████ beforehand.
Special Containment Procedures: This object should be kept connected to a small computer in health lab H██, in the off position. The object may be disconnected and moved to any computer that is capable of an internet connection, but by the request of Dr. ████████, should never be attached to a computer with internet access.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-381 is to be kept in a 23 x 31 cm document envelope in Storage Unit-05. Further containment procedure is not necessary under non-testing conditions. Non-Roman Catholic Christian (i.e., any Protestant denomination) research staff are not permitted to perform tests on SCP-381 due of the risk of combustion; other Abrahamic or non-religious personnel are not at risk.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-382-1 is to be stored in a standard Site-██ containment room, inside a 1.5 x 1.5 x 1.5 meter plexiglass box of 5 centimeter thickness, at minimum. A video camera is to be kept trained on it at all times, though this is merely for observational purposes. Due to the area of influence and deleterious nature of SCP-382's effect, it should only be removed from its enclosure for testing purposes, with staff observing from a remote location.
Special Containment Procedures: All samples of SCP-383 must be kept in standard airtight, plastic containers frozen into ice blocks, and stored in a locker kept at -5 degrees Celsius at all times. All samples of SCP-383 removed for testing must be handled with a minimum safety equipment of a face mask, latex gloves, and protective goggles (optional if personnel already wear prescription glasses.) Personnel are reminded to wash hands after handling SCP-383 related materials.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment Unit-077, located directly outside Site-19, houses the current manifestation of SCP-384. It is to be outfitted with standard Foundation recording devices, and must be situated such that it cannot be considered part of Site-19. SCP-384 must be the only way to enter or exit Containment Unit-077, unless an experiment requires the destruction of SCP-384, in which case the directing Level 4 researcher must approve the installation of an additional entryway in Containment Unit-077.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-385 is locked within a standard fireproof container at Storage Site-23. Experimentation with SCP-385 requires written approval from any Level 4 researcher. After the incident outlined in Report 385-c all further testing must take place in a facility located within five degrees of either of the Earth's poles.
Special Containment Procedures: No entry to the containment area is allowed without approval from Site Command. Containment area should not be connected to any outside systems besides an entry airlock. Seals and filters for the airlock must be checked daily, and replaced as needed. Incendiary devices are to be placed inside the containment area, with remote activation controls. In the event of containment failure, incendiary devices are to be immediately detonated and the site is to go into full lock-down for a period of one month to find and contain any spore leakage.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of this object and the almost nonexistent harm it poses, it is stationed in a storage container in Site-19 with a standard lock. The red tub in which SCP-387 is contained does not possess any unusual properties itself, as has been determined through testing but SCP-387 will not duplicate itself unless at least a layer of it covers the bottom of the aforementioned container. A sheet is available for those wishing to utilize SCP-387, and access will be revoked if it is not properly restored.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-388 is to be kept in a locked safe in a room guarded by at least two (2) armed guards instructed to refuse access to any unauthorized personnel; use of lethal force is permitted to this end.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-390 is stored in a disassembled state in a climate-controlled containment unit at Site ██. Direct access to or experimentation with SCP-390 may only be performed with permission from at least two (2) Level 3 Senior Researchers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-391 is to be kept in a 5 x 5 x 5 m aviary, made of heavy steel mesh. Structures mimicking mixed broadleaf deciduous and pine forests should be placed inside the aviary. Artificial lights, mimicking normal day and night patterns, are to be kept well maintained. Temperature and humidity should be controlled to mimic a humid continental climate.
Special Containment Procedures: All living SCP-392 instances are to be held in a standard greenhouse sector at Biological Research Site-103. Population of SCP-392 instances is to be maintained at an upper limit of ten. Selected SCP-392 seeds are to be extracted and kept in cryonic storage at Bio Site-103.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-393 is to be kept in the possession of a designated D-class subject, hereby referred to as D-393, at Site-██. The vitals of D-393 are to be monitored at all times to prevent SCP-393 from 'linking' to important SCP personnel in the event of D-393's death. A secondary D-class subject will remain on stand-by for emergency reclamations of SCP-393 if D-393 should die.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-394 should be kept in a standard containment locker at Site-██ with a combination lock. Lock is to be reset as per standard operating procedures after use. Standard positive-action defenses are to remain in place at all times. Use is restricted to experimentation only by authorized Level Three personnel. Under no circumstances should SCP-394 be tested in a sealed area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-395 is to be kept in the center of a locked room at least 10 meters wide. No female personnel are to be allowed into SCP-395's room under any circumstances. The room is to be guarded by two male personnel at all times. Any unusual behavior should be reported immediately. Any independent movement on the part of SCP-395 should likewise be reported.
Special Containment Procedures: A geolocator has been affixed to SCP-396 to track its movements. Local Foundation liaisons have been dispatched to locations where SCP-396 frequently manifests to facilitate prompt re-containment. An airborne amnestic compound has been infused into the cushions of SCP-396 and into its containment chamber as a precaution. When possible, SCP-396 is to be contained within Area-93.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-397 is contained within secure arboretum ██ at Site 20. The arboretum should be stocked with vegetation native to [REDACTED] and the temperature adjusted to mimic local seasonal variances. SCP-397 is confined to the arboretum space when not undergoing active testing. Transfer for testing is subject to Level 3 approval and is to be facilitated by at least three security personnel with documented intelligence quotient ratings above ███. SCP-397 may be provided with music or literature upon request, though all selections must be reviewed by at least one Level 3 researcher to determine suitability. SCP-397 is to be kept isolated from any primates at all times save research staff.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-398 is contained behind a reverse-airlock style containment chamber locking mechanism consisting of at least three steel doors and an atmospheric reduction system. A minimum of two guards must be stationed at the doors, remaining at a 50 m distance from the entrance to the SCP.
Special Containment Procedures: The single colony of SCP-400 in Foundation custody (designation SCP-400-B) is currently housed in a juvenile humanoid containment cell at Site-77’s Euclid objects wing. Any cell containing an active SCP-400 colony must be secured with an air-lock door under Bio-safety Level 4 precautions. Any openings for ventilation must be covered by a metal screen with gaps no greater than 0.2 cm in diameter, followed by aerosol filter 400-AF to be changed monthly and remanded to on-site chemical research personnel with Level 3/4 clearance. Access for experimentation purposes requires approval from both the Ethics Committee and the item's acting HMCL supervisor (currently Dr. Marshall Grant). SCP-400 handlers are required to wear Level 4 positive pressure Bio-hazard suits, and must be decontaminated prior to egress. In emergency situations, prevention of olfactory contact with SCP-400 is sufficient to prevent accidental exposure in most cases. For care-giving instructions, please refer to Document 400-C rev 1.3.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-401 is to be kept in an enclosed courtyard at Site-██. A mural of the landscape of southern France is painted on the walls of the courtyard. Once daily, personnel are to locate at least ten roots which will be fed a total of 15 L of nutritional supplement 401-NS-4 and to remove any solid waste produced. An EKG is to constantly monitor SCP-401 for any anomalies (refer to Incident 401-1 for details). Female personnel are not to enter the courtyard at any time between March 15 and April 1, under any circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-402 is kept in a climate-controlled storage locker at Site-41. All known SCP-402-A and all water affected by it (currently ~612,000 liters) are kept in a climate-controlled freezer at Site-41, with each sample wrapped in barricade tape to prevent accidents. SCP-402 and SCP-402-A must be kept away from all water, including water vapor, outside of testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-403 is to be sealed in a steel safe with a combination known only by Dr. ████ ███████. The walls of the safe must be reinforced with fire-retardant material complying with Foundation standard C3/403. The safe will remain under surveillance by 2 armed guards at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-404 is to be kept in Section Alpha-1 of the Documents Repository. Any movement of SCP-404 beyond Section Alpha-1 will result in termination.
Special Containment Procedures: Infected subjects are to be contained at SCP-405 isolation zones. ███ zones exist in depopulated areas. All field teams encountering SCP-405 are to be informed of the locations of nearby isolation zones. All observation of SCP-405 victims is to be done via video link from a distance of no less than 1 km. If a subject suffering from SCP-405 is in the late stages upon apprehension, they are to be terminated and all individuals within 200 m are to undergo Treatment Protocol 405-Alpha if an isolation area cannot be reached in time. Treatment Protocol 405-Alpha is also to be used on any individuals found in the preliminary stages of SCP-405 infection.
Special Containment Procedures: Task Force Tau-6 are assigned to monitor SCP-406 and process SCP-406-1 instances. They are to be based in a converted small industrial unit at a nearby industrial park, behind a Foundation front company ("Simon's Carpet Paradise").
Special Containment Procedures: At time of acquisition SCP-407 was recorded within a compact cassette tape. Currently, SCP-407 is backed-up as a digital audio file on [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-407 should not be allowed to play under any circumstances outside testing conditions, and only with the approval of O5-██.
Special Containment Procedures: The screen mesh aviary must be kept properly maintained by Level 2 personnel with backgrounds in biology or lepidoptery. Proper humidity must be maintained and recorded once per day, and backed up to Site 17. 200 feeders filled with an aqueous sugar solution are to be maintained and refilled once per week.
Special Containment Procedures: No physical contact may be made with SCP-409 for any reason. Anything making physical contact with SCP-409 must be contained in quarantine immediately, along with any materials used in the transport of the subject. SCP-409 must be kept in a granite case at all times. Any transportation of SCP-409 must be done in a sealed granite container. Residue from SCP-409's effect are to be sealed in granite containers along with any tools used to transport residue into containers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-410 is currently held at Site-23, Entomology Lab 14/Zeta, and maintained in a 1 x 1 x 1m transparent acrylic glass container. The top of the container is perforated with thirty-three (33) 1mm holes to allow for ventilation and features a small, hinged, lockable hatch in its center measuring 5 x 5 cm. The hatch utilizes a simple cylinder lock which is to be re-keyed every three (3) months. The hatch is to remain locked unless SCP-410 is actively being fed or constituent members of SCP-410 are being removed for/returned from research applications.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-412 is currently contained within Storage Unit-11 at Site-19; removal of the item requires authorization by no fewer than three (3) personnel with Level-3 clearance, and may be vetoed by Site Security. Gloves should be worn when handling SCP-412 and the item should be transported in an opaque container.
Special Containment Procedures: All entrances to SCP-413 are to be sealed and put under armed guard. Under no circumstances are unauthorized persons allowed to enter SCP-413, with guards authorized to use lethal force. Any personnel entering SCP-413 for experiments are required to wear GPS trackers and safety lines at all times. Should containment be breached, or by O5 decree, Containment Protocol 413 must be immediately enacted by the highest ranking personnel present.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-414 is currently uncontained; containment efforts focus upon mitigating media attention and providing social work programs to demographics targeted by SCP-414. Individuals affected by SCP-414 iterations must be dosed with Class-B amnestics upon recovery and are to be kept under observation. Individuals reaching the final stage of SCP-414-2 are to be contacted by a Foundation social work front company; individuals under final stage SCP-414-2 are to be treated with tri-weekly talk therapy and trained animal companions where applicable.
Special Containment Procedures: Owing to its anomalous topographic structure and the danger it poses to civilians, it is essential that SCP-416 be sequestered from the public. Though SCP-416's true borders have yet to be exactly mapped, SCP Overwatch has, in cooperation with the ████████ government, restricted foot access and instituted a no-fly-zone within five (5) kilometers from the boundaries measured by the initial observation team.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-417's inability to be moved safely, SCP-417 remains stationary in █████████████████. The area surrounding SCP-417 (2.58 km² approx.) is patrolled by guards and bordered with a chain-link fence topped with barbed wire. Civilians are informed that a small village with a highly virulent plague is being quarantined until further notice. Trespassers are to be shot on sight. Only Class-D personnel are permitted to directly handle and work with SCP-417. As wild animals seem to instinctively eschew SCP-417, no action need be taken against animals seen in the enclosed area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-419 is to be kept within a steel alloy1 frame and attached to its accommodating wallspace. No covering or casing is present. SCP-419 currently resides in a room inside Site 33, dimensions 3m x 5m x 4m. All of the walls in the containment unit, including the one behind SCP-419, are made of a mesh of plastic, steel, and concrete. On the north-facing wall of the containment room is a viewing bay2 leading to another room with the same dimensions. Two guards are positioned outside of the containment room near the viewing bay and are authorized to use lethal force. They shift every three (3) hours. SCP-419 must be cleaned daily with ordinary window-cleaning supplies. Any personnel tasked with maintenance must not suffer from acrophobia. Constant monitoring of SCP-419 must take place from the viewing bay in order to ensure that the view through SCP-419 does not change significantly. In the event that it does, contact Site Director █████. Access to SCP-419 is prohibited except under special circumstances and permission from Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-420 is to be contained in storage locker 1014-420 at Site-██. Level 3 clearance is required to remove it from storage. Samples of SCP-420-1 not in use for testing should be stored in the container marked "SCP-420-1-decon" in locker 1014-420 until they lose potency, at which time they can be disposed of as biohazardous liquid waste. Please make note of the time and date in the attached log when samples of SCP-420-1 are added to the decon container.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-421 is contained near Sector-28 by means of a steel anti-submarine net positioned across the mouth of the bay found at █████████°N, ██████████°W. The net is to be examined for damage weekly by Sector-28 staff, or immediately upon observation of abnormal behaviour of SCP-421. Civilian shipping should be prevented from entering the bay; nautical charts have been altered to indicate the presence of subsurface rocks dangerous to vessels throughout the area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-422 is to be contained in a 3.5 m x 3.5 m room. The room is to be kept bare, save for SCP-422’s bedding, water bowl, and a dog toy provided by Dr. ██████.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-423 is contained in a 5 x 5 meter room containing three (3) 2 x 3 meter bookshelves. An incinerator is located adjacent. All personnel entering or leaving the room are to be searched for written material. Any written material must be checked for any trace of SCP-423 and then, if found clean, incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-424 have been relegated to the laboratory of Dr. █████████, to be administered to by researchers Dr. Tidbury and Dr. Herman. The central contingent mass is allowed free run of personnel levels 2, 3, and 4 of Sector-28, as it has demonstrated an acceptable level of personableness, as well as basic understanding of the concepts of privacy and personal space. There are, however, isolated incidents in which these courtesies have not been observed by SCP-424, though not in such frequency as to merit additional containment procedures. Complaints are available to Level 3 Human Resource staff in Personnel Archive C-424.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-425 is to be kept in a standard containment area lined with a Faraday cage. Most staff with a security rating above Level 2 are permitted to access SCP-425, the exception to this being staff who were born on days of the month that are multiples of 8 (e.g. 8, 16, and 24). Staff who were born on these days have proven to be susceptible to the negative effects of SCP-425.
Special Containment Procedures: I am to be sealed in a chamber with no windows through which I may be viewed. The door to my chamber must have a label completely unrelated to my designation or identity, in order to prevent unintended spread of my primary effect. Only Level 3 and above personnel are to know of my presence, and particularly of my properties. Assigned personnel are to be rotated out on a monthly basis to prevent contamination by my secondary effect. Psychiatric evaluation is mandatory at the end of the month. If personnel are deemed unaffected, they may be re-assigned to me no less than four months after their last rotation with me. Any affected personnel are to be given a Class C amnestic and transferred to a different site.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-427 displays no means of self-locomotion or malicious intent at this time, and requires only minimal containment. Due to SCP-427's adverse effects, only medical staff of Class 3 or above may handle or utilize it.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-428 is to be contained in a five (5) meter x five (5) meter x five (5) meter cell. The containment walls are to be electrified with 30,000 volts. Entrance to the cell is via a corridor airlock and access to SCP-428 is restricted to Level-3 researchers and below, while escorted by two armed guards. Personnel are to keep two (2) meters minimum away from SCP-428 at all times. When not under research, two armed guards are to be on duty at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-429 is to be kept in a standard type 3 hazardous object isolation vault. SCP-429 is not to be handled unless an attempt to operate it is to be made. Care must be taken to avoid inadvertently touching any of SCP-429's controls.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-430 is to be kept in a humanoid containment cell on Site-17, placed on a wooden pallet or equivalent loose support at least 20cm above ground to prevent rusting. The cell containing SCP-430 is to be fitted with an adjustable table, a sand basin, a controllable two-position hook-conveyor system, and a master-slave control system as specified in Document 430-Gamma - construction details.
Special Containment Procedures: Backup copies of all Foundation documents are to be kept at Site-██. Any documents and/or photographs SCP-431 is found in are to be stored in the Site-██ local database and replaced with their backup copy. Any personnel who report recalling SCP-431 are to be immediately questioned. Office ██-25 is to be inspected daily for any new objects. Foundation archives are to be monitored for any changes or new documents regarding SCP-431.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-432 is kept in a standard storage area at Sector-25, is to be kept locked at all times and the key to the lock kept in the adjacent security station under guard by three (3) Level 3 Personnel. No other special containment required.
Special Containment Procedure: Only one copy of instructions for performing SCP-433 is permitted to exist at any given time. As well, the complete procedures may never be placed in an electronic document, in order to reduce the risk of containment breach. Dr. Severe and Dr. ███ have each read half of document SCP-433-001. They may not transcribe or share the contained information with anyone, including each other, without O5 approval.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-434 is to be stored in a secured vault when not in use. SCP-434 is not to be utilised by individuals with a history of violent psychological issues or by humanoid SCPs. All individuals utilising or assembling SCP-434 are to have all weapons removed from their persons. A full security team is to be on standby during all uses of SCP-434 and all observations by psychological personnel are to be conducted from an isolated location.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-435-1 is to be kept in a secure warehousing facility that constantly provides SCP-435-1 a minimum of 1000 lux illumination. Illumination must be provided by redundant lamps operating from at least three parallel and independent power supplies providing generator and battery backups. Tests for integrity of the lighting system shall be conducted on a daily basis. In addition, two mobile units capable of transporting SCP-435-1 shall remain on standby in the event of Contingency 435-XK-Alpha. No other special protective procedures are required to examine or test SCP-435-1, but research may only be conducted on SCP-435-1 with written O5 approval.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-436 must be closed at all times except for testing purposes. It is stored in a large, unlocked room to avoid misplacing the item. Personnel below Level 3 are not allowed to enter the room. Once per week, SCP-436 will be moved to a nearby identical chamber to allow the floor to be reconstructed.
Special Containment Procedures: A fenced perimeter has been established around SCP-437. Foundation horticulturists are to be kept on-site to monitor and care for SCP-437-A instances. Testing is prohibited pending review by the Ethics Committee.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-438 is currently deployed in the field in the custody of Reconnaissance Team Kappa-6. Experimental proposals will not be considered at this time; however, SCP-438b may be available. See addendum.
Special Containment Procedures: Specimen is to be kept at Armed Research Site-45, Hazardous Lifeforms Wing, in a sealed, locked 38 L (10 gal) Type-G containment unit with connected oxygen supply. Specimen is to be fed through Feeding Tube 16a with Approved Nutritive Substance X-F. Handling is available to Level 2 personnel and higher.
Special Containment Procedures: As of 6/19/████, the majority of SCP-440 in existence is located in Site-██'s Large-Scale Wilderness Observation Dome (LSWOD). Standard LSWOD security protocols apply, and all observers and items placed inside the Dome are to be completely sanitized of SCP-440. The bottle in which SCP-440 was first discovered (hereafter referred to as SCP-440-Prime), is currently located in a security cabinet on Site-██.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-441 is currently housed in a designated outdoor pasture at Bio-Research Area 32. The 100 m2 field is surrounded on all sides and bisected into two rectangular halves by a concrete wall 1 m high.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-442 is to be kept away from its current owner in a secure container until being used for testing. The current owner must have a will leaving SCP-442 to a D-class personnel. The owner is granted a suspension of termination. Should the D-class listed in the current owner's will be terminated or otherwise invalidated for ownership of SCP-442, a new will is to be written at the next available opportunity.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its nature and relative fragility, SCP-443 is kept in a locked drawer in Dr. Ziegler's office (Sector 28). Access to Level 1 personnel and higher is freely granted at the discretion of Dr. Ziegler, or his assistant, upon request, with limitation applied at their discretion. Due to wear, the original packaging is filed in the archives record as 6-██████. All drawn material is to be handed back to the person who authorized the use.
Special Containment Procedures: Access to and testing of SCP-445 must be approved by staff with level 2 security clearance or higher, and each request must include a list of tests to be carried out. Any testing must be done with the accompaniment of no less than two guards for the entirety of testing. Any deviation from the preapproved list of tests will result in immediate termination of testing and a severe reprimand.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-446 is to be kept locked in its case and only removed for testing. Any clothing and accessories must be removed from SCP-446 when not in use (see Incident 446-A).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-447-1 is to be kept within a fifty-gallon clear plastic container at all times, monitored by camera by a Security Level 3 or higher staff member to prevent overflow. Area is to be maintained at Level 1 Clean Room status to prevent contamination by foreign matter at a site at least 10 km from any cemetery, morgue, or mortuary. Under no circumstances is SCP-447 to be allowed to come into contact with dead bodies.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-448 is to be kept in a 3m x 3m x 3m room, decorated with colorful wallpaper, warm lighting, and several small children's toys scattered about. When not under observation, object is to be kept on its pedestal at all times. Room must be kept clean and in good condition. All personnel entering the room (clearance level 2 and above and only one at a time) for any reason are reminded to smile and keep a cheerful disposition while in the presence of SCP-448.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-449 are to be stored in a standard containment vault outside of testing. To minimize additional production, between 3 and 5 kilograms of SCP-449-A will be available for testing in a low-risk chemical storage container. Excess SCP-449-A generated in testing of SCP-449 must be incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-450 is to be kept locked and secured at all times, except for monthly maintenance and cleaning as detailed below. Any civilians or personnel who enter SCP-450 at any other time are to be considered lost, and no rescue attempts are to be made.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-451's current state, physical containment is not feasible. Extensive study of Agent J████'s psychological profile has allowed researchers to provide him with a mental task in order to keep him at Site-19. A security detail of two guards must accompany SCP-451 at all times in order to prevent attempts to access or release other potentially dangerous objects contained on-site. Any research into SCP-451 should be restricted to determining ways to contain or communicate with him.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-452 specimens are contained in a 5m by 5m isolation chamber at Site ██. Specimens should be fed live insects (preferably crickets or meal worms, but other harmless insects are viable) at least once a week, and regular observation should be maintained to ensure the health of the specimens. Personnel tasked with maintenance of SCP-452 should wear sealed suits at all times while inside SCP-452's containment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-453 is to be staffed by no fewer than: four (4) bartenders, six (6) bouncers, four (4) cleaners, one (1) doctor, four (4) EMTs, and two (2) observation personnel, all trained Foundation staff, at all times. Additionally, ten (10) or more Foundation security staff are to be kept on standby in the adjacent outbuilding 453-01, connected to SCP-453 by basement access. All staff are required to familiarise themselves with Document 453-1, Complete List of Known Scripts and memorise all Scripts that have been flagged by the current on-site supervisor (Dr. Moriglioni). Failure to memorise flagged Scripts is grounds for immediate discharge from SCP-453 duty, and will result in a formal demerit on the offending personnel's record.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-454 should be kept in a plastic bag with a thin piece of acid-free cardstock. This can then be contained with standard procedures and minimal security. There is no need for psychological containment.
Special Containment Procedures: Object SCP-455 cannot be moved nor contained in any structure. Containment must be made on site. No exploration or testing is to be made on or in SCP-455. No personnel are to remain in close proximity for more than five minutes. All physical contact with SCP-455 is forbidden; any personnel breaking this order are to be quarantined.
Special Containment Procedures: The SCP-456 colony is to be kept in a sealed containment room. Personnel entering the containment area should wear Level 1 biohazard suits to avoid being bitten by SCP-456, and the suits must be treated with insecticide upon leaving the enclosure. When not being used in experiments, SCP-456 must be fed 70 ml of human or animal blood per 100 insects, weekly.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-457 is to be kept in a 5m x 5m chamber with no less than 22.9cm (9in) of cumulative fireproofing via various materials (asbestos cement, perlite boards) upon all surfaces and a blast-proof observation window with emergency blast shielding installed. The opening to the chamber must consist of at least two temperature-controlled and airtight chambers that may be sealed in case of emergency. SCP-457's chamber should be kept at high humidity with a drainage system installed in the floor, as well as a misting sprinkler system installed and running constantly, and emergency hoses capable of at least 2.1 MPa (300 psi) of water pressure. SCP-457 is allowed a small structure upon the wall of its chamber that remains water-free, but only allows for minimal protection and preservation of form.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-459 is to be kept unpowered in a standard security locker. The access code is to be changed bi-weekly and known to level 3 and higher personnel. Removal for testing purposes must be requested at least one week in advance, and approved by a level 4 personnel. As of 04/15/20██, testing has been indefinitely suspended. Proposals for use should be directed to O5-level personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-460 is to be tracked and observed by Mobile Task Force Mu-13, while containing any serious incidents as they occur. All relevant information is to be transmitted, encrypted, and backed up at Site 19. During any major ectoplasmic event, all personnel are to evacuate a minimum of 5 miles from SCP-460’s current location.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-461 is to be kept in a locked room without windows and its display faced away from the door. The door must be guarded by one Level 3 security personnel whose presence is monitored via security cameras. A Level 2 security rating is required to enter the room. No one is allowed entry from 0300 to 0305 GMT until further notice.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-462 is stored in a temperature- and humidity-controlled vault at Site ██. Under no circumstances are Class-D personnel to be allowed near the object. Despite its state of disrepair, SCP-462 does not show any signs of further deterioration due to rust.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-463 is to be maintained in the small glass display case within its containment cell at Site-██. If SCP-463 must be transported from its current location, it should be transported in its display case, or some other container. At no time should any Foundation researchers come into direct physical contact with SCP-463. Following the incident of █/██/██, personnel are strongly discouraged from bringing food of any sort into SCP-463's cell.
Special Containment Procedures: Site 53 consists of a warehouse that has been built around SCP-464. The intervening space between the walls of the warehouse and SCP-464 is equipped with motion sensors and stationary cameras. Site 53 is staffed by a rotating complement of seven guards. Unclothed beings sighted inside the warehouse are to be shot on sight, and unauthorized clothed people to be detained for questioning and physical examination.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-465 is secured in containment locker 8423 at Site-19. Under no circumstances is SCP-465 to be opened by any personnel ranking above class D, and then only in a space at least 15 square meters in area. No other special attention or care is required.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-466 is locked in a 5 meter by 5 meter by 5 meter room. SCP-466 is to be fed five times a day through a one-way slot in the steel door, with low-iron meals of mass below 0.1 kg. The key to the door is accessible only to Level 3 or higher personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-467 is currently located at Site ██, and is guarded by a single security personnel, changed daily. Although SCP-467 has no true anomalous lasting effects, the information it reveals can leave people with lasting effects of their own. While SCP-467 is being studied or moved, all involved personnel must have no cell phones, pagers, or other communication devices on them without clearance for testing.
Special Containment Procedures: A buffer area of one kilometer is to be maintained around SCP-468-2. Individuals found inside upon initial Foundation acquisition may only exit with the permission of the overseeing Level 4 researcher. All Foundation personnel entering for purposes of observation must exit two hours after entrance.
Special Containment Procedures: Subject is to be kept in an airtight, soundproof containment chamber, 15.24m x 15.24m x 15.24m (50ft x 50ft x 50ft) until a viable termination method is available. All personnel who enter SCP-469’s chamber (Class D Only) must wear standard Sound-Proofing Anti-Resonance (SPAR) suits at all times while inside the chamber, and communicate only through written notes, hand gestures or text messaging. Absolutely no-one is to touch or even approach the subject with anything other than probing instruments.
Special Containment Procedures: No items or personnel are to enter or exit SCP-470 or the external containment area without approval by Site Command. Anything entering SCP-470 must be examined both before and after contact. Anything exiting SCP-470 is to be contained and examined, resistance by any items or staff to this process may be overcome by whatever means deemed necessary by Site Command.
Special Containment Procedures: Methods of containing SCP-471 are currently being investigated. Primary goal of containment is to block the non-terrestrial transmissions emanating from it, with a secondary goal of acquiring and studying SCP-471 itself. MTF Mu-4 ("Debuggers") is currently tasked with blocking SCP-471's transmissions.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-472 is to be kept in the center of an empty, locked cell measuring 37m x 37m (122 x 122 feet). All personnel wishing to enter for research purposes must undergo a psychological evaluation and submit a research request before being permitted entry. Personnel should not remain within 18 m (60 ft) of the stone for more than five (5) minutes without being directly monitored by security personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: A 5 kilometer area surrounding SCP-473 is off limits to all personnel. Human testing in this range is prohibited without O-5 approval. Above all, loss of human life within this 5 kilometer area must be prevented. A further 20 kilometer distance is to be secured by no less than two Foundation combat units at all times. Any unauthorized vessels entering this area are to be sunk and their crew eliminated. Vessels approaching the site but remaining outside of the 20 kilometer kill zone may be boarded and turned away with the use of Class-A amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: Portions of SCP-474 which exist inside of physical space are secured within Foundation-made pill bottles. Bottles are stored inside a locked medicine cabinet, itself located within an anomaly storage vault. All non-hazardous recordings of SCP-474 audio are on the research team's shared hard drive space, with any cognitohazardous audio being stored on a secure server with restricted access.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-476 is to be kept in a standard precious item locker. During experiments, a level-2 clearance personnel must be present at all times to avoid the item being used to escape. A list of locations that are to be monitored on a regular basis is found in document 476-██.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-477 is enclosed in a climate-controlled structure designated Site-44. The building is constructed exclusively of metal and wood, with no stone or concrete materials. Outwardly it appears to be the machinery storage warehouse for a defunct quarry, but it contains numerous labs dedicated to the study and containment of SCP-477. No sedimentary stone or concrete items may be removed from the containment complex unless they are crushed and mixed into an acidic slurry to dissolve all remaining fossil material.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-478 are to be surgically recovered whole from victims before death. After recovery, they are to be kept in specialized vacuum-sealed lockers within Bio-Site 66. Instances of SCP-478 do not seem to be able to pass through solid matter, and thus may be held indefinitely unless damaged.
Special Containment Procedures: A Site 14 standard 2mm CR4 double skin steel plate security door (UNI 9569 Class 3) with full gasket seal is installed on either end of Hallway 4. Both doors are to be kept locked, and keys retained by the ETHB on duty. D-class personnel authorized to enter for the purposes of surveying and research. Hallway 4 is no longer authorized as a thoroughfare between the D-class laundry and plant room.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-415, located 142 km SSW of ██████, Wyoming, United States, has been constructed at the location of SCP-480's recovery, and is to be used exclusively for its containment. SCP-480 is to be monitored constantly for indicator signs of an impending fluctuation event.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-481 is currently contained in Sector-25, in a specially designed dormitory for the affected subjects. The dormitory is built to modified D-class specifications, with space for two (2) occupants at this point, based on the spread of the scar tissue. Besides the standard sleeping quarters, there is a living space for each accessible through an outer isolation room.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-482 was recovered during an experiment being conducted by Dr. Bright at ████████. After initial containment, SCP-482 was turned over to Dr. ██████ for documentation and analysis. Dr. Bright and Dr. ██████ are to be notified immediately should there be any changes to SCP-482 or any duplicates found.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-483 needs no special containment, other than to prevent use outside of authorized testing. SCP-483-1 is not to be administered to subjects for whom there exist living humans outside the Foundation who are significantly acquainted with the subject and aware of the subject's age. Under no circumstances is SCP-483-1 to be administered to those known by Overseers. If SCP-483-1 is to be administered to a subject in a quantity in excess of their original age (see Addendum 483-b), all documents detailing and suggesting the test should exclude any and all information about the subject in question, especially the proposed original age to be tested; information recorded from and for these tests should not be taken from the subject directly, but rather from a clone of the subject created using SCP-222 (using a double-blind procedure), until all tablets designated for the test have been successfully administered. In cases where the subject is an SCP-222 clone created for this test (the recommended procedure), the original may be used for initial records.
Special Containment Procedures: All samples of SCP-484 reserved for testing must be secured in Pharmaceutical Locker AG-██. This testing pool should include at least twenty (20) doses of any particular form of SCP-484 or fifty percent (50%) if fewer samples exist. All other samples are currently stored in Secure Storage Room 112-█. All personnel of clearance Level 3 and below must have written authorization from a Level 4 staff member to access SCP-484. Any staff member currently researching SCP-484 may not interact with any O5 personnel until the conclusion of their research and a thorough toxicology screening and search of their office space and home. If any staff member, of any security level, is found to have appropriated SCP-484 without authorization or outside experimental parameters, they are to be reprimanded and reassigned, with the stolen SCP-484 returned to containment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-485 is to be kept in a locked safe-deposit box at all times with the key to be kept in a secure location.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-486 is confined at Site-17 in a two room cell, which may be furnished as the subject requests, provided it does not violate standard SCP procedures. The cell walls and floor should be padded and carpeted. SCP-486 must wear a cut-resistant safety glove at all times, although temporary removal for the purpose of hygiene is permitted. SCP-486 has displayed no extraordinary physical ability or attempts to escape. Nevertheless, the subject should be guarded at all hours by any two Level-1 security personnel. Should SCP-486 engage in self-destructive behavior, personnel on duty are to restrain and sedate the subject. If the subject manages to cause injury to herself while still unrestrained, personnel are to exit and lock the cell before contacting assistance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-487 is to be surrounded by an 8.05km (5mi) buffer zone purchased by the Foundation under the guise of a private ranch. The perimeter of the buffer zone is to be patrolled by Level 2 security personnel under orders to terminate unauthorized intruders on sight. The perimeter security forces are also under orders not to enter the buffer zone under any circumstances. In the event of a perimeter breach, Level 3 personnel within the buffer zone must be immediately notified.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the small size of objects leaving SCP-488-1, suppression of public dissemination of knowledge regarding SCP-488 is sufficient for containment in the foreseeable future.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-489 is held in a containment unit at Site-113. To prevent personnel accidentally bringing insect life into SCP-489's cell, a shower room has been established outside of the containment cell; personnel will change into the clothes provided to them after cleaning. Testing with SCP-489 is limited to indoor spaces.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-490 is to be maintained in Storage Garage 17-Golf. Garage 17-Golf has been heavily soundproofed, its door replaced with a soundproofed door with an interior code-lock. SCP-490 is to have all four wheels disabled through standard parking boots and is to be kept chained at all times to four molybdenum eyebolts, sunk a minimum of three (3) meters into a solid concrete floor.
Special Containment Procedures: A one-kilometer perimeter is to be maintained around SCP-491 at all times, for the purpose of preventing sea vessels access to the effects of SCP-491. Entrance is to be barred to all personnel with a security clearance below Level Two. Any intruders are to be questioned to ascertain their intent, then given Class-B amnestics and released no less than twenty kilometers from SCP-491.
Special Containment Procedures: No special containment procedures are required for SCP-492. SCP-492 can be kept in standard on-site living quarters. Requests by SCP-492 that are within the site's capability, short of violating containment protocols, may be granted. In the event that SCP-492 should become hostile, incendiary devices hidden in its living quarters may be used to neutralize the threat.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-493 are to be kept in separate standard personnel-grade rooms with basic furnishings for a human-like SCP. Individual SCP-493 may request additional furnishings provided the request does not violate restrictions specific to that individual. Additions must be approved on a case by case basis by Level 4 personnel. SCP-493-02 and SCP-493-03 have been allowed to continue their work as Level 2 personnel; however they are not to be assigned to high risk areas in order to prevent premature duplication.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-495 is to be kept in a locked room, plugged into a standard, active 120-volt power outlet when not in use. A life-sized mold of a clam, oyster, or other species of sessile bivalve1 is to be stored within SCP-495; the mold is to contain no more than 100 (one hundred) grams of wax.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-496 is to be held in an aquatic containment unit located in Site-77's Safe SCP wing. The containment unit is to be flooded with seawater matching or as close as possible, to the mixture from the area of which it was recovered. Personnel are also to resupply nutrients to the water every 2 weeks via the filter system to keep the biological component of SCP-496 nourished. Personnel with Level 2 clearance or higher are to be denied any direct access to SCP-496's containment unit. Level 1 personnel who work directly with SCP-496 must submit to weekly psychological evaluations during and for 2 months after the period of contact.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-497 is to be kept in a secure soundproofed room under continuous observation by standard security cameras. One guard and two medical personnel equipped with high-grade earplugs are to be posted at the door of the containment chamber at all times. Only cleared personnel are permitted to handle SCP-497.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-498 is to be contained within a sound-proof bunker beneath Site ██, with a minimum of two attending Foundation Security Officers, properly equipped with noise-canceling headphones in addition to standard-issue equipment. The bunker is to be sound-proofed to noise-cancel a minimum of 95% of outgoing sound waves.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-499 is to be contained within a circular containment unit, measuring 60 meters in diameter, with a shallow trench measuring 110cm around the perimeter to contain SCP-499-2. The chamber is not to be entered during daylight hours except in cases of extreme emergency. If the chamber must be entered, personnel are to wear a Grade C Heat Hazard Suit and appropriate eye protection.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-500 must be stored in a cool and dry place away from bright light. SCP-500 is only allowed to be accessed by personnel with level 4 security clearance to prevent misapplication.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-501 is kept in a securely locked opaque safe in a cell 5m x 5m x 5m in Site 3. The cell is guarded by two level 2 security guards who undergo daily psychological evaluations. The interior of the cell must also be monitored at all times by no fewer than two (2) security cameras, with a separate guard observing the monitor for each camera. These cameras must be connected to a backup generator so they will continue functioning in the event of a blackout. All requests for experiments must be cleared by at least three Overseers. Any personnel attempting to gain unauthorized access to SCP-501's containment cell will be either detained for psychological evaluation or terminated, depending on clearance level.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-502 is to be secured in a keypad locked steel fire cabinet in the medical suites at ██████. The key code is to be changed on a bi-weekly basis for security reasons. Senior medical staff on site will have knowledge of the key code, as will at least three other on site personnel of Level 3 or higher clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-503 is to be kept within a secure holding cell at all times. No fewer than four (4) security cameras must be positioned within the cell. SCP-503 must be under constant observation. Any strange movements or attempts to obscure the view of the cameras must be treated as a full-scale emergency. Any researchers studying SCP-503 must be searched for dangerous objects before entering its cell. The cell must be searched daily for any potentially dangerous objects.
Special Containment Procedures: All seeds, plants, fruit, crossbreeds, and other products of SCP-504 are to be classified as SCP-504. SCP-504 seeds need no special containment, other than to prevent misuse by unauthorized personnel. Grown SCP-504 plants and their fruit should be kept in soundproof rooms. Guards and researchers assigned to maturing or growing SCP-504 are to be equipped with radio-enabled masks which insulate non-transmitted sound, and are to be instructed to avoid attempts at humor.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-505 is contained in a 50 m x 40 m x 10 m room at Site-██. SCP-505's containment area is to be sealed other than one secure airlock and a series of pipes allowing transport of SCP-505-1 to storage tanks in the event of SCP-505-1 reaching levels in which it poses a danger to containment. Sprayers for 4 M NaOH are to be available through SCP-505's containment area and the rest of Site-██ to combat a containment breach. In the event of a spill of SCP-505-1, the affected area should immediately be covered with an absorbent material (commercial blotting paper is currently standard for this purpose) and doused with alcohol or acetone if NaOH is not immediately available. NaOH immersion is the method of choice for SCP-505-1 containment, followed by incineration of affected material if practicable.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-506 grows in a 3 m x 3 m patch of soil, kept watered and fertilized via an automatic system. The air of the room where SCP-506 is kept must be filtered to prevent release of SCP-506 seeds into the environment. Personnel entering the enclosure must wear biohazard suits composed of inorganic material, and must be decontaminated upon leaving the area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-508 requires no special containment procedures so long as it is kept out of direct view of any SCP staff. At least ██% of SCP-508 must remain covered except when actively being tested. It is currently kept in a small closet, with no windows or ventilation. The door is to be kept securely locked at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-509-A and SCP-509-B are both to be contained on-site, due to their immobility. Each is to be cordoned off, and any members of the public turned away. Outside of research and maintenance purposes, no humans or pigs, living or dead, are to be allowed into either structure. Personnel may safely enter and leave SCP-509-A and SCP-509-B within four minutes of activation and while inactive.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-510 are to be treated as a Level 1 infective substance, and are not to be handled by anyone not in contained-atmosphere Haz-Mat (CAHM) suits. Any staff interacting with SCP-510 must be monitored for one month after interaction. Infestation by SCP-510 will be met with immediate quarantine and sterilization of the surrounding area.
Special Containment Procedures: When an instance of SCP-511 is identified, the affected residence shall be quarantined and will receive the next sequential site designation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-512 is held within the Site-77 Safe object repository. It is to be shut at all times, and testing during adverse weather conditions is forbidden. All outdoor testing proposals must be reviewed by Security Chief Anderson.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-513 is to be suspended in a one cubic meter block of gelatin and contained within a soundproofed, climate-controlled cell. The gelatin must be inspected daily for any degradation or loss of integrity. An emergency inspection will be carried out immediately following any earthquake, explosion, or sonic event grade 2 or higher. Personnel performing the inspection are to wear earplugs and active noise-canceling earmuffs at all times while inside SCP-513’s cell.
Special Containment Procedures: There is currently no permanent containment site for SCP-514 (See Addendum 2). SCP-514 is currently being tracked by Mobile Task Force Lambda-4 (aka "Birdwatchers"), who are under orders to observe SCP-514. In the event that SCP-514 strays near a densely populated area or an area where its presence will be easily noticed, Mobile Task Force Lambda-4 is authorized to use the █████████1 in order to manipulate SCP-514's migration patterns.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-515 is to be kept entirely manacled to his sleeping quarters to the point of near-total immobility. If SCP-515's enclosure is seen to be empty, top priority must be placed on immediate recapture. Locomotion or simple twitch-response behavior exhibited by SCP-515 is to be noted and reported to research and emergency staff.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-516 may be kept in an Anomalous Vehicle Containment Bay. Routine vehicle maintenance should be carried out on a bi-weekly basis. SCP-516 is not to be provided with fuel or ammunition except under controlled testing circumstances. Following Incident 516-1A, no personnel with a history of military service should be assigned to SCP-516.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-517 is to be kept secured within Containment Locker 51164 in Site-66, facing away from the doorway. A thick sheet is to be draped over the item at all times. Testing is currently prohibited, as the nature of the manifestation invariably causes a low-level containment breach. If SCP-517-01 is triggered, personnel are instructed to report to their immediate superior to enact Protocol 517-001.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-518 is to be monitored by a field research team consisting of at least three staff and one project lead, supplemented by two security staff. This team shall be based at Remote Observation Site-18, 3 km from SCP-518. An automated security perimeter surrounding SCP-518 is to be established and maintained.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-519 is to be kept in a standard storing room 5x5 m in size. It must not be connected to a phone line unless experiments are being performed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-520-1 and -2 are to be stored in an inanimate-item containment locker with standard positive-action defenses. Each object's handle is to remain perpendicular to its base. The handles and contacts must be secured with sturdy clamps made of insulating material.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-521 is to be stored in Secure Items Locker 15 at Site-39. The battery level of the GPS beacon attached to SCP-521 should be checked monthly, with a new module fitted as relevant. The steel plate covering the letter slot of SCP-521 is to remain in place outside of authorized testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-522 should be kept in an airtight room, with adequate light sources. Hazmat suits are strongly advised, as anyone leaving the room must go through a thorough decontamination process to prevent the potential spread of SCP-522.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-523 is kept in a sealed room separate from the rest of the Site-19 complex. The room is set to self-destruct in the event of an XK-class end-of-the-world scenario to prevent SCP-523 from worsening the situation. The walls of the room have been laced with two (2)-millimeters of lead, in the hopes that SCP-523 will be unable to escape once again (see below).
Special Containment Procedure: As it has a benign nature, little security is needed for this SCP. More commonly known as "Walter", SCP-524 must be kept under surveillance in order to prevent accidental damage to any vital material within the site. Whilst not under the direct care of a personnel member, SCP-524 may be kept in a specially designed pen, roughly 5 by 5 meters, with sensors placed within to notify SCP-524's current keeper of any escapes. Due to its abilities, there are no specific diets to be assigned to this SCP.
Special Containment Procedures: Outside of testing conditions, the individual components of SCP-525 must be stored in separate sealed containers. No more than six components may be stored in the same room or within 15 meters of each other. All currently-existing components are accounted for at Storage Site-23 in lockers ██ to ██.
Special Containment Procedures: Armed Containment Area-31 has been established in a 15 km radius around SCP-526-1, which has been officially designated as a military weapon testing site and proving ground with a no-fly zone in effect. A company-sized element is stationed at Station 526-Alpha to observe and contain the appearance of anomalous subjects from SCP-526-1 and is authorized to use deadly force in self-defense or in order to contain SCP-526.
Special Containment Procedures: No special precautions have yet proven necessary. "Josie" is quite affectionate, and at this stage is free to move about the lower levels of the facility. Staff are not permitted to feed cheese to her - she will become distressed if not given sufficient cheese.
Special Containment Procedures: No special precautions have yet proven necessary. "Carl" is very calm and friendly, and at this stage is free to move about the lower levels of the facility. "Carl" is free also to interact with SCP-529 as the two have proved non-hostile toward each other as well. Staff are not permitted to feed SCP-530 anything other than his approved food twice daily or his approved treats during training.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-531 statues are effectively harmless when kept facing each other. When not being studied they are stored in matched pairs in the medium-security facility █████, placed in wall alcoves on opposite sides along a marble-lined hallway in an arrangement that approximates the circumstances where the original pair was found. The alcoves have sliding doors that can be closed via remote control to make it easier to approach them for maintenance or experimentation, or on those occasions when there are an odd number of statues in inventory. There are currently fourteen statues in inventory, numbered SCP-531-1 to SCP-531-14.
Special Containment Procedures: Standard bio-hazard containment procedures are to be followed for all research samples of SCP-532. Samples are to be kept at a constant temperature of -8°C. Any personnel encountering instances of SCP-532 outside of Foundation custody are to evacuate all outdoor areas immediately and contact Dr. ██████████.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-533 is to be kept around the neck of a display dummy in room 12B at the ███ ███████, ██, storage facility.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-534-1, -2, and -3 are to be kept in a plastic covered, airtight containment chamber. Entrance to the containment chamber is to be conducted through a double airlock, the chamber of which is to be equipped with a high-grade disinfectant. With the exception of testing, all personnel entering SCP-534's containment chamber are to wear class three bio-hazard suits.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-535 is to be kept in a secure storage room at Site ██. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure. SCP-535 itself is to be placed in its own containment unit, a soundproofed lead-lined steel box of dimensions 4m x 4m x 4m and of thickness no less than 5cm at all points. SCP-535 is secured to a pedestal in its containment unit such that it is positioned in the centre of the box. No memetic-based SCPs are to come into contact with SCP-535. No liquid is to come into contact with SCP-535 except under controlled testing circumstances; to facilitate this, the containment unit should be sealed and contain backup dehumidification apparatus. SCP-535 should not be handled directly except under controlled testing circumstances. If the need to handle SCP-535 arises, it should only be performed by one personnel of level 3 clearance or higher, with no other individuals present in the immediate area and with mechanical apparatus to prevent being within 1m of SCP-535.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-536 is to be maintained according to standard Foundation procedures. SCP-536 is not to be plugged into its power source except during authorized testing. Any personnel who wish to engage in research involving SCP-536 must submit an official request form to Dr. ████, under whose supervision all tests are to be conducted.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-537 is to be kept in a soundproof room. No additional containment measures are required, although SCP-537 has requested:
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-538 are to be contained within a flush-white 15 by 15 by 3 meter room with no fewer than four (4) overhead 200 watt lights. These lights are to be centered above a 1 by 2 by 0.5 meter block table stationed in the center of the containment area and shining at all times. One (1) Class D Personnel in a chemically-induced coma is to be kept medically stable upon the table, and will serve as the "feed" source for all specimens of SCP-538. No source of shade should be present in the room other than that provided by the Class D.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-539 is to be kept in a padded case, to remain locked at all times, unless a supervisor with a minimum Security Clearance Level of 2 is present to observe, and only during potential testing of its phenomena. Physical contact with SCP-539 is forbidden unless approved testing is being conducted.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-540 are to be handled and stored according to standard protocols for similar non-anomalous live munitions, with the exception that all locations housing SCP-540 are to be equipped with a secondary overhead sprinkler system capable of dousing any given room with herbicidal compound H-540-IB9-4LM to a depth of 10 cm in less than 90 seconds.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-541 was kept in a plain pine wood coffin, some 1.98m (6.5ft) in length and with a stereotypical hexagonal construction. The lid to this coffin was kept affixed by means of four (4) padlocks, for relatively easy access to its contents. Keys were in the possession of the on-site Level 3 technician heading research on SCP-541. SCP-541 could be removed from its coffin with care; the coffin could be moved with minimal limitations and security measures and proved by-and-large suitable for continued containment/storage of SCP-541.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-542 is to be kept in a 8m x 8m room with small adjoining bathroom, and may submit requests for furnishings barring anything that could be modified into surgical tools. Notable requests by SCP-542 include:
Special Containment Procedures: When not in use, SCP-544 is to be kept in a standard 1 m x 1 m x 1 m locked storage container. When in use, the bearer of SCP-544 is to be under visual and auditory surveillance at all times. In the event that SCP-544 is to be removed from a bearer, it is to be only done by legally deaf staff in Auditory Safe Room #524264.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-545 is considered to be three individual parts, and thus each part may be stored differently.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-547 is to be stored inside a plain black envelope which in turn is to be stored in the security deposit box located in Dr ██████’s office. No Foundation employee is to access SCP-547 without Dr ██████’s consent, and SCP-547 itself should only be handled by test subjects. Please note that any persons exposed to SCP-547's effects are subject to Class D status.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-548 is to be kept at 24°C in a 50 cm x 50 cm terrarium. The enclosure is to be composed of modified borosilicate glass with high thermal shock resistance, or of other materials not rendered brittle by sudden temperature changes of greater than 50°C. In the event that SCP-548 makes an active attempt to grind through the terrarium walls, the enclosure is to be flooded immediately with 500 mL liquid nitrogen and the subject removed temporarily to a reinforced steel terrarium. Subject is to be fed mice, one every four days.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-549 is to be kept at all times in its terrarium. The terrarium was created after previous containment proved to be insufficient. The containment plexiglass is to be checked for fractures every day at 0600 and 1800. Any signs of stress or wear are to be reported immediately to one of SCP-549's handlers. The terrarium is to be kept filled with miniature foliage and groundcover resembling that of northwestern North America. Fabrication company [REDACTED] is to be used for repairs on the terrarium's interior. A stream has been engineered to run through the terrarium, the water of which must be changed daily, using only filtered spring water. The terrarium is to be kept within a 15m by 15m room, placed on a stable support platform capable of holding up to two metric tons in the event that SCP-549 begins to throw its weight around.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-550 is to be held in a standard-sized humanoid cell. SCP-550 should be provided with a human corpse on a bi-weekly basis. Any remaining materials are to be cleaned and removed from the containment chamber after provision. All personnel handling SCP-550 are to wear provided chemical resistant gloves and Hazmat suits at all times. Directions made toward SCP-550 may be broadcast from speakers installed in its containment chamber, and should be used for transportation, maintenance, and testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-551 is to be contained in a simple cardboard box. It must be of an adequate size to carry all pieces of SCP-551. The box should be stored in a locker unit on Storage Site-23 and at least one (1) Level 1 staff member is to be notified in the event of its removal.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-552 is to be contained in a room furnished as standard living quarters. All furniture is to be padded and bolted into place to prevent accidental collisions. Reading material may be provided at the subject’s request, but any discussion of current events is to be censored. A screen is to play time-delayed security footage of the subject’s containment facility to enable communication. The time delay should be updated once a week to keep pace with the subject’s progressing condition.
Special Containment Procedures: The primary colony of SCP-553 is to be kept in the cave system they were discovered in, located in █████ ████████, China. Coordination with the Chinese Ministry of State Security has resulted in the surrounding area being declared a munitions testing range and off-limits to non-military personnel. Foundation agents have further encouraged local folklore which indicates that the cave system is inhabited by demons, in order to discourage casual exploration. A Chinese/Foundation security force is stationed on-site and will monitor the status of the colony.
Special Containment Procedures: A 100m exclusion zone should be maintained around SCP-554 with signage indicating danger of death due to electrocution. A rotating team of 3 field personnel is to be assigned the task of preventing public exposure to the object. The individual currently designated SCP-554-2 is to be held in Foundation custody at Sector-25. In the event of members of the public or Foundation personnel becoming exposed to the effects of SCP-554, the following procedures apply:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-555 is to be placed in a standard containment locker. Corpses are not to be brought within eighteen meters of SCP-555 or the room in which it is contained. SCP-555's containment procedures were revised after Incident 555-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-556 is stored in a secure hangar at Site ██. No materials containing any ink, dye, or paint may enter the Red Zone established in a 50 meter radius around SCP-556.
Special Containment Procedures: As it is not possible to relocate SCP-557, Research Site-29 has been built surrounding it. Geographic and aerial surveys of the area have been altered to make it appear to be empty desert, with no valuable archaeological or mineral features.
Special Containment Procedures: All items comprising SCP-558 are to be kept in their cases in Equipment Cabinet ██-█ at Research Site-██. Any personnel wishing to experiment with SCP-558-1-4 may do so after completing standard documentation. Researchers wishing to test SCP-558-5 must either themselves have Level 3 Clearance or have the written approval of at least two Level 3 personnel. At this time it is advised that only Class D personnel be allowed to interact with SCP-558-5.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-560 is to be kept on a Foundation archival-quality optical storage medium at least ███ GB in size. This medium should be accessed at least once per month using the stand-alone desktop computer within SCP-560's containment unit. After the computer ceases to function, the medium should be placed in a shock-proof case, specification ███-██-████. Pursuant to Foundation secure-wipe protocols, the blank drive should be discarded through civilian avenues and replaced with a wipe-ready drive from Site-██ Research. Testing on workstations with any network access or removable media other than SCP-560's storage unit is prohibited by Level 4 order.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-561 has an unidentified center, but its known area of effect covers several square kilometres of Canadian wilderness, near the abandoned town of ██████████, Saskatchewan. It is currently listed as a nature preserve, and the entire area is fenced in with guards posted and patrolling outside the chain-link borders. The fence is to be a minimum of 3 m (10 ft) in height, with both barbed wire loops and an electrified wire along the top. Intruders are to be taken into custody, stripped of all recording and photographic devices, and interrogated to determine what anomalies have been observed. Authorization is granted to use any class of amnestic when deemed necessary. If intruders are injured by any of the products of SCP-561, they may be airlifted to the nearest hospital, and provided with a bear attack cover story.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the spontaneous and non-physical nature of SCP-562, prevention of its effects is likely impossible. Containment, therefore, is to center around reducing the occurrence of 562-Claim events, identifying unreported SCP-562 incidents, and suppressing public knowledge of the anomalous components.
Special Containment Procedures: As all carcasses of SCP-563-A have been removed from SCP-563, minimal containment of SCP-563 is required. It is to be surrounded by a perimeter of motion trackers at every three meters, which are remotely monitored by Site 1265-A, 15 kilometers away.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-564 is to remain on the assigned bedding at all times. Due to the fragility of SCP-564-1, contact with SCP-564 requires special clearance for testing purposes only, for its own safety. Access to its point of origin is to be restricted to those with approval for testing. Anything removed from the area is to be kept in the same container as SCP-564. Communication with SCP-564 requires Level 3 or higher clearance. Communication is to be recorded via audio recording devices. Addendum: Communication now required to be recorded visually as well. Communication with SCP-564 is now restricted to written notes with its available hand. (See Test Log 564-04)
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-565 is kept in a type three aquatic object containment tank on level 4B of Site-77. It is fed twice daily, and tested weekly for development or degradation of mental capacity. Staff who are so inclined may view SCP-565 during its scheduled feeding times by appointment with Doctor Schaeffer.
Special Containment Procedures: All copies of SCP-566 are to be stored in Low Valuable Item Storage on Site-10. Any new instances of SCP-566 are to be assessed by a designated researcher with level 4 clearance for this purpose.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-41 has been established at the former ████████ Castle for the purpose of containing SCP-567. The entrance to SCP-567 is to be kept sealed at all times. All cell doors are to be monitored off-site via CCTV. In the event that a door is opened or breached, Task Force Delta-9 "Hacks" is tasked with containing the instance of SCP-567-9 immediately. If containment proves impossible, termination is authorized.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-568 requires no unique considerations and is stored in storage locker 28-002 in Sector 28. Testing with SCP-568 must be authorized by Level 3 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-569 are currently contained at Bio-Research Site-66. Contained instances of SCP-569 are to be sealed within 1 m3 steel crates and immersed in ice water baths when not under research. If containment is breached, aggressive instances are to be neutralized through application of aerosolized liquid nitrogen. Passive instances are to be herded back into a containment crate and returned to containment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-570 is to be contained within a reinforced steel containment locker. No personnel are permitted to wear SCP-570, and all subjects who have worn it during testing are to have it removed immediately afterwards. Personnel who have worn SCP-570 are to be given medical treatment for their hands, following removal.
Special Containment Procedures: A single piece of paper containing an instance of SCP-571 should be kept inside an opaque, sealed container of any kind, at the center of any high security containment room (currently the primary containment chamber at Compound-1043/Site-143). This containment room must be equipped with incineration devices, which shall be maintained and tested regularly. Any site housing SCP-571 must not be located within 200km of any minor population center, or within 500km of any major population center. No devices that have any capability of transmitting pictures are to be allowed within the perimeter of the compound housing SCP-571.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-572 may be safely kept in a locked safe-deposit box at Site 19's High Value Item Storage Facility. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure.
Special Containment Procedures: None needed. Object is stored in Dr. L██████s desk. Object is to be locked in one of Site 62's secure lockers. SCP-573 requires the agreement of two members of Senior Staff in order to be removed from containment. No one is allowed to make use of SCP-573 without at least two back-up researchers. Testing of SCP-573 around children is hereby denied without O5 approval.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-574 is located within Containment Site-105, which is surrounded by a concrete barrier three meters high and one meter wide. Warning signs are posted at the edge of the Foundation-owned property. Once per month, a live adult pig (Sus scrofa) is to be placed within SCP-574. Any additional buildings not being cultivated for study are to be demolished by Mobile Task Force Psi-7 "Home Improvement" as soon as it becomes feasible.
Special Containment Procedures: Any and all instances of SCP-575 are to be immediately isolated and contained with Protocol AL-9O77 (see Advanced Lighting and Emergency Containment Strategies handbook) and transported to secured containment. Should an instance of SCP-575 exceed a safely containable size, Protocol AL-9O77-B is to be used to divide and isolate SCP-575 into smaller instances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-576 is to be kept in a digital combination locker at Site-19; the passcode to this locker is to be rotated twice each month. Level 3 authorization is required prior to any testing involving SCP-576; under no circumstances is access to SCP-576 to be granted outside of testing protocol.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-577 is to be contained within a standard large containment unit, reinforced with steel ballistic shielding. All doors to the containment unit and related areas must be capable of remote operation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-578 is to be contained within standard Safe-class anomalous liquids tanks. Any personnel excluding D-class under testing conditions are to wear Level C hazmat suits while handling SCP-578. All newly recovered instances of SCP-578-1 are to be cataloged and destroyed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-579 is currently in Site-62C, a compound located approximately 80 km from Site-██, the main site. Knowledge of the existence of this site has been deemed unnecessary for all non-essential personnel who are not involved in SCP-579's containment. Site consists of building housing SCP-579 and living quarters for containment staff. SCP-579 is encased in a 30 m x 30 m x 30 m unit made of [DATA EXPUNGED], in which SCP-579 is kept in permanent suspension through use of electromagnets. Site-██ is equipped with hardline to High Command through which all reports and notifications are to be made. Staff consists of two teams (each composed of 17 Level 1 Personnel, three level 2 Personnel, and one Level 4 Personnel) which are rotated bi-weekly.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-580 and the environment that it is normally found in, the following protocols are to be observed at all times of contact. Note that this document covers both the item itself (hereafter referred to as SCP 580–01) and the crew found inside (SCP 580–02).
Special Containment Procedures: Except for approved testing, SCP-581 must be kept a minimum of 1000 m from all members of all equine species. SCP-581 is to be kept in locked, climate-controlled facilities. No firearms are allowed in proximity to any examples of SCP-581-2.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the high risk of memetic spread, all information and materials pertaining to the specifics of SCP-582-Delta’s containment narrative, manifestations, abilities, and history that has been judged conducive to perpetuation of the meme are to be handled solely by Special Intelligence Team “Bump in the Night” (Security Chief Special Order 817-2: ██/██/██). Access to Secure Archive 582 by outside personnel is permitted only by two-thirds majority O5 permission.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-583 is to be locked in a heavy-duty chrome steel safe. Any level-3 or higher personnel have access to the safe. A lethal security system is to be kept operative in the containment room for SCP-583 at all times. SCP-583 is fragile and must not approach or be approached by any magnetic field-generating material or device. SCP-583 is only as sturdy as a standard video tape and is to be handled with extreme care. SCP-583 must not be destroyed, due to continued research into [DATA EXPUNGED].
Special Containment Procedures: Vial samples of SCP-584 are to be kept in cold storage, in accordance with established biohazard protocols, and access is restricted to personnel of at least Level 2 clearance. Research requires Level 3 approval.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-585-2-4 are to be kept in a standard hazardous-object containment at Site-19. Pencils modified by SCP-585 are extremely dangerous and should be returned to their normal state at the end of testing. As of Incident 585-1, no pencil should be sharpened for more than fifty (50) rotations without O5 level approval.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-586 is assigned a storage container in Salty-04. Key may be obtained from the main office with presentation from Dr. ████. No further secretary is deemed necessary for the object.
Special Containment Procedures: An isolation room in Sector-28 houses SCP-587. Entry is barred without authorization from the project lead, and the interior is kept sterile. Climate controls must be maintained to simulate seasonally suitable weather, including precipitation when appropriate. Surveillance by digital recording devices is continuous.
Special Containment Procedures: The original copy of SCP-588 is maintained in a minimum security storage locker at Site-19. SCP-588 is contained in a clear, plastic box and is fitted with metal restraints. Researchers coming into contact with SCP-588 are required to wear padded protective gloves. If SCP-588 is removed from containment, absolute attention is to be maintained to ensure that it does not escape (see Incident Report 588-B). Any additional copies of SCP-588 produced during testing are to be subjected to temperatures in excess of 1100˚C for a minimum of five minutes in a Site-19 disposal furnace.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-589 must be contained within a sealed, reinforced container that is welded shut. Under no circumstances is SCP-589 to be removed from its container, physically contacted, or even seen. SCP-589 and its container must sit on a scale so that it may be continually weighed to confirm SCP-589's presence.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-590 is assigned to a regular SCP living space at Sector 7. There is to be one guard on duty at all times within said space, to ensure 590 does not harm himself. SCP-590 is to be supplied with one television, which is to be used only in the broadcasting of children's shows. At no time is SCP-590 allowed to leave Sector 7, for any reason. Subject is to be fed only the vitamin-laced protein gruel created for SCP-590. Anyone caught attempting to feed SCP-590 anything else will be demoted. SCP-590 is not to be handled without proper authorization.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-591 are to be kept in a separate storage containment vault at least 500m away from any civilian population, essential civilian infrastructure, or other Foundation controlled containment facilities. SCP-591 are to be activated only during approved testing by Level-3 staff. Test subjects affected by SCP-591 during testing are to remain in the area until SCP-591 has been turned off. Outside of testing SCP-591 is to remain deactivated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-592 should be contained in research cell 1611-E at all times, locked in a steel box, in the middle of a frosted glass containment cubicle. Also in the cubicle are a table, two (2) computers, a standard-sized computer scanner, an internal network connection port, and two (2) pairs of visual distortion goggles, which must be worn upon entering the cubicle, so as to make SCP-592 illegible. The first computer serves as an analysis machine, the second as a custom firewall. All devices have been modified with specialised software and hardware (see Testing Protocol for details) and the network port has been secured such that no device other than the firewall may use it. It is strictly necessary that the computers and scanner are turned off and unplugged after experimenting and that they are only powered for the duration of the experiment. The front and back covers of SCP-592 are to be covered in black opaque tape at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-593 is to be stored under standard Biosafety Level 4 precautions at all times. Use of a hazmat suit with self-contained oxygen supply is mandatory; entry and exit to any lab containing samples of SCP-593 must include multiple showers, ultraviolet light bombardment, a vacuum room, and regularly tested, electronically secured airlocks. Individuals suspected of infection with SCP-593 must be isolated from the general population under BSL-4 protocols immediately and kept in a darkened environment until the maximum infectivity and incubation period have both passed, generally a period of thirty days. Medical treatment of confirmed SCP-593 victims requires observation of BSL-4 protocols and the immediate incineration or immersion in acid of all materials with which the victims have had contact, along with any/all biological waste produced.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-594 is kept at Bio-Research Sector-██, located on 54 km2 of mountainous rangeland located 35 km from ██████, Alaska. Officially, Sector-██ is listed as a munitions factory and testing facility. The perimeter fences and access gates are monitored remotely at all times with two Level 2 guards posted at each gate in 8 hour shifts. All fencing enclosed paddocks have static dischargers placed at 2 cm intervals. Main research enclosure and pens are to be cleaned on a daily basis to avoid build up of excrement and allow for necessary repairs. Due to possible electrocution hazard, the following procedures are to be observed when interacting with SCP-594:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-595 is currently stored in either enclosed drydock 2█, ██████████, Virginia, or a secure Foundation warehouse district in Philadelphia depending on SCP-595’s current state. Both sites are restricted without Level 3 access clearance or higher. Access to SCP-595’s interior is restricted to specially selected Class D personnel or mobile task forces with approval from either site’s local administration.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-596 is to be secured in a standard containment chamber guarded according to usual protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-597 is to be guarded and researched by a rotating monthly shift. Those in charge of the design of the containment procedures are not allowed contact with the SCP; if at all possible this duty should be left to overseer level personnel. No one is to be allowed to view (on video or through a window) or be in the same room as SCP-597 for longer than five hours. Maintenance personnel are to alternate every day.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-598 is contained in a three by three by three (3x3x3) meter room which has been painted solidly with Behr brand "Pearly White" paint. The floor is mirrored. Three (3) bright lights are positioned on the ceiling in such a way so that all the room is lit. These lights are to remain lit for 24 hours every day and are attached to a backup generator in case of power outage. The room will be examined for mold or stains daily, and these will be immediately removed if found.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-599 is to be entirely enclosed within Site ██, which has been modified to look like a mountain from the outside. Any unauthorized tampering with Site ██ will result in its complete destruction. Under no circumstances are any means of external communication allowed within Site ██. Any personnel who enter SCP-599 are to be given a thorough psychiatric evaluation immediately upon returning.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-600 is contained in a Class-E suite in Site 17, dimensions 15m x 15m x 3m. Two (2) security cameras monitor the subject at all times. A standard steel door with a reinforced double-paned window secures the suite. No special procedures are required for entering or exiting the suite, with the caveat that SCP-600 may attempt to follow researchers out of containment. A simple reprimand and order to return to containment has proved sufficient to curtail this behavior.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-601 is to be confined to Group Humanoid Containment (GHC) Suite 2 on Site-03 at all times. This suite is to be furnished and maintained and as per standard humanoid containment procedures, with the following addenda:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-602 appears to be immobile and localized to Apartment ███, ██ Greene St, New York City. Thus, containment of SCP-602 consists of keeping the public away from, and ensuring that SCP-602 does not expand beyond or move out of, Apt. ███. However, due to its location in a heavily-populated urban center (i.e. Manhattan), SCP-602 requires special considerations for containment.
Special Containment Procedures: As of 12/11/2006, SCP-603 is stored on a dedicated computer system in Laboratory 12-A, Observation room 1. The system may be accessed remotely via Foundation intranet. Personnel wishing to access SCP-603 must apply for a temporary password to allow them access to the system. A standard SCP-603 password will expire 24 hours after being issued. If access to SCP-603 for longer than 24 hours is required, please contact Dr. Brown. Physical access to Observation Room 1 without direct authorization from Dr. Brown is prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-604 consists of a set of objects which all exhibit the same properties, and are contained together. Access is restricted to authorized personnel, and anyone attempting to access the containment area without authorization will be immediately detained. All interaction and testing must be cleared with Site Command.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-605 is impossible to contain with currently available resources; all Foundation efforts are currently directed at regulating its behavior and suppressing public knowledge of its existence.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-606 is currently housed of its own will in an unfurnished 20mx25mx8m cell at Site ██, the entrance to which is sealed by two 25cm steel blast doors on either side of an airlock. No personnel are to enter SCP-606's containment cell except under controlled testing circumstances or with authorisation from a staff member of level 4 clearance or higher. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure.
Special Containment Procedures: Subject currently resides with Agent █████, who it has chosen as its "owner". Both Agent █████ and SCP-607 are to be placed under full surveillance for study, and Agent █████ is to report to Dr. █████ for psychiatric evaluation every two weeks. A task force should be ready at all times with at least one (1) D-class personnel on hand for subject to "imprint" on in the case of the death of SCP-607 or Agent █████. When not being directly held or monitored by Agent █████, SCP-607 is kept shackled and bound in a small, portable containment chamber. The containment chamber is designed to immobilize SCP-607, allowing medical personnel to insert feeding tubes, IV drips, catheters, and other life-support devices. Due to the nature of SCP-607, Agent █████ has elected to keep the portable containment chamber on his person or in his immediate vicinity at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-608 is to be held in a vacuum chamber at all times while not the subject of active research. Magnetic levitation is to be used to suspend the object in the center of the chamber. In the event of either of these measures failing, a class-3 evacuation of non-essential personnel is to be undertaken, and containment measures are to be restored as soon as possible. If containment failure persists for more than one hour, a class-4 evacuation of personnel not actively involved in the containment of the item is to be undertaken. In the event of superpressurization for whatever reason, a class-5 evacuation and cleanup must be performed immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-609 is to be stored in individual opaque containers inside a locker at Research Facility 5. All personnel must conduct Protocol 94-Wegner-Gyatso before observing any number of SCP-609-1 to ensure a clear and focused mind. Agents who locate instances of SCP-609-1 are to immediately break visual contact until the object is contained. UPDATE ██/██/██: SCP-609 has been transferred. It is now to be contained in opaque, locked bins at Storage Site 32.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the vast area of 'infection' SCP-610 covers, containment is impossible. Isolation of the area has proved far more effective and permission has been granted by the Russian government to establish a perimeter to keep people out of these areas under the guise of military operations.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-611 must be sealed within its specified enclosure at all times. SCP-611 should be provided with one piece of rotting meat per week, as per dietary standards. Current information suggests that beef tongue, aged at room temperature for roughly two weeks, provides the best nutritional results while limiting breeding.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation assets are to monitor all reports of anomalies similar to SCP-613-1 and investigate if necessary. All instances of SCP-613 are to be kept in Safe Item Storage in Research Sector-96. All individuals found to have knowledge of SCP-613 are to be interviewed, dosed with Class B Amnestics and released. Instances of SCP-613-1 are to be interviewed upon creation and contained in a climate-controlled environment for observation, experimentation and research until such time as they cease to be viable due to spoilage. Instances of SCP-613-1 in containment are to be tagged with stickers listing their names and the temperature at which they rose.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-614 itself cannot be contained until knowledge is gained about the whereabouts of the server hosting SCP-614. Until then, knowledge of SCP-614 must be prevented from entering the public. Distributing the IP address of SCP-614 to unauthorized personnel is prohibited. Agents are to periodically take measures to make sure that access to SCP-614 is blocked at all internet service providers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-615 is to be kept in a secure enclosure constructed of inorganic materials. Under no circumstances is organic matter, especially plant matter, to be allowed within SCP-615's enclosure without the approval of a Level 4 researcher. For safety reasons, and because of SCP-615's aggressive and territorial nature, personnel are not allowed to enter the enclosure without a security detail armed with incendiary weaponry.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-616 is to be kept in Site [REDACTED]. While grounded, repair personnel of a clearance level of two (2) or above are allowed to enter the craft, and must conduct thorough pre-flight inspections to ascertain that SCP-616 is ready for flight. However, repair personnel are to maintain a distance of at least three (3) meters from SCP-616-1. On flight days, only ordained and believing ministers of an Abrahamic faith with security clearance of level four or above may enter the aircraft, and must remain at least 0.94 m (3 ft 1 in) from the threshold of SCP-616-1 at all times whilst the craft is grounded.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-617 is to be kept in a soundproof container at all times. When in storage, SCP-617 must be kept in its soundproof containment cell and its "mouth" kept zipped at all times except for experiments and scheduled feeding periods. All personnel entering SCP-617's containment area must wear hearing protection devices as a precautionary measure. SCP-617 cannot be taken from its containment cell without approval from a level 4 researcher, and must always be kept within its secure container when being moved.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-618 are kept in individual airtight containers within a larger climate controlled humidor. The climate control system for the humidor has been adapted to collect all products of SCP-618 and store them in pressurized tanks.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-619 is currently housed in storage locker 15-a-2 at Site 21. Currency retrieved from SCP-619 is to be kept in storage locker 15-a-3.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-620 is not considered a direct hazard as such. It is currently located in Site-██’s accounting department Its containment procedures exist to create an environment where researchers can study its effects without being exposed to them.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-621 are to be kept in the Site 16 greenhouse and watered regularly. Seeds and pollen from SCP-621 are not to be released into the wild. No instances of SCP-621 are to be released for commercial trade, given as gifts, used as props, used as bribes, or stored in personnel offices. Personnel are advised to not look at SCP-621 for extended periods of time.
Special Containment Procedures: All cans and containers of SCP-622 are to be immediately transferred to Site 16. The formula for SCP-622 must be contained from the public by any means necessary. Any commercial trade of products containing SCP-622 should be documented and preferably intercepted before delivery. Any persons/organizations in possession of SCP-622 are to be taken in for questioning.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-623 is located in the ████████ annex of ███████ University. The entrance to SCP-623 is to be guarded by two (2) Level 3 Security personnel at all times. In-room monitoring must take place every hour for no longer than five (5) minutes. Extended observation of SCP-623 is done from an external observation room through remote monitoring devices. Personnel operating within the observation room are required to switch out every five (5) minutes. An additional Level 3 Security Guard is required to escort any observers out of the observation room and must not enter until needed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-624 is to be stored in Site 16's safe storage room and charged frequently by testing personnel. Testing is open to all Site 16 personnel with proper clearance. Personal access to SCP-624 is otherwise restricted. SCP-624 is not to be taken off of Site 16 unless in the event of an emergency.
Special Containment Procedures: All specimens of SCP-625 are to be contained within a 5m x 5m x 7m room constructed of reinforced concrete at Site 19, Wing 8. The door to this room is located approximately five meters from the floor and opens to a balcony with a railing. Use of the installed platform elevator system is required to access SCP-625 specimens. The following features are also present in SCP-625's cell:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-626 is to be kept in a standard lockbox at Site-19's High Value Item Storage Facility. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure. Research is currently suspended, pending review; see below.
Special Containment Procedures: One Class-D personnel, designated D-627, is to be assigned to SCP-627. This assignment is for life. As long as the Class-D is so assigned, he is rendered exempt from the monthly terminations. SCP-627 is to be kept in a stone basin, approximately one meter across. Once daily, SCP-627 is to be removed from its basin so that lubrication may be applied to the basin. Once weekly, SCP-627 is to be removed so that the basin may be inspected for wear. The basin is to be replaced if it shows signs of wearing out.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-628 is contained in Bio Research Site-104, built on-site at █████ ██ ███████. The perimeter of its containment is to be clearly marked by a circle of 3-m wire fence no less than 1 km from the perimeter of the copse. Non-Class-D personnel are not to enter the perimeter without appropriate hearing protection and seismic sensors. Protective gear sufficient for all personnel on-site must be available at all times. All structures on-site, and especially the listening post constructed just outside the perimeter fence, must conform to the stringent earthquake- and wind-proofing building codes laid out in Document 628-03.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-629 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell. SCP-629 may only be taken apart during routine testing. Once per day, SCP-629 is to be provided with the materials it uses to maintain itself. As of current regulations on "Misters", SCP-629 is to be contained in Hall ██ of Site-██.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-630 is contained ██ m underground, in the remains of a copper mine, ██ km north of ████, Peru (██° ██' ██" S, ██° ██' ██" W). The chamber containing SCP-630 is to be as brightly lit as resources allow using LED and fluorescent lights and sealed behind blast doors. Weekly maintenance is to be performed by class D personnel only, including:
Special Containment Procedures: Extermination procedures for SCP-631 are to remain in effect until further notice. Information regarding civilian disappearances in SCP-631's environment (urban and suburban areas of the United States) is to be monitored, with particular regards to the areas outlined in Document-631-T. Disappearances related or believed to be related to SCP-631 are to be filtered (standard media blackout procedures apply). Said incidents are to be investigated promptly, and should an instance of SCP-631 be identified, it must be terminated immediately. In the event that no SCP-631 are in Foundation custody, the instance must be captured instead. Agents involved in SCP-631 recovery or termination must be supplied with thermal imaging equipment.
Special Containment Procedures: A live colony of SCP-632 is currently kept in a 20cm x 40cm x 20cm sealed enclosure in the Biological Containment Wing of Site-52. Sufficient amounts of prey insects and water must be administered weekly through a vacuum chute at the side of the enclosure. Both live and deceased samples of SCP-632 must be handled by personnel wearing full-body respiratory protective gear. Skin contact with SCP-632 instances is to be avoided at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-634 is to be kept in a 37.85 L (10 gal) tank in the center of a 10 m x 10 m room. The tank shall include a filtration device, an aerator, a heater set to maintain a constant temperature of 25˚C, and an automatic feeder set to dispense 10 mL of standard goldfish food twice a day. Tank and walls of room will have posted message "DO NOT PUT HANDS INSIDE TANK" at regularly spaced intervals.
Special Containment Procedures: All ██ volumes of SCP-635-1 are to be kept in a dedicated library room at Site-██ with a climate controlled environment maintaining a constant 13 degrees Celsius and a humidity of between 35% and 45%. HVAC systems shall use HEPA filtration to keep atmospheric contaminants to a minimum. Lighting exposure to contained objects shall be limited to 50 lux a day. Experiments on original volumes of SCP-635-1 are discouraged due to their fragility and will only be approved in an attempt at recovery of lost data. A digital copy of the text of SCP-635-1 is available in standard encrypted format for research purposes with level 3 approval.
Special Containment Procedures: The building containing SCP-636 has been officially condemned for supposed mold contamination, and the lot fenced off to prevent unwanted intrusion. A minimum of two (2) armed, undercover guards are to be posted at ground level and any unauthorized individuals attempting to enter the building must be detained and questioned. Any experimentation on SCP-636 must only be performed with prior permission from at least two (2) level 3 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: When inactive, SCP-637 is contained entirely within the consciousness of SCP-637-2. SCP-637-2 is to be held at Site 17 in a low-security room. Anything it requests is to be given, as long as it does not violate standard procedure. However, any requests for pencils, pens, sketchpads, or any marking implement, are to be denied and reported to Dr. ████████████. (The issue has been raised that if SCP-637-2 wanted marking devices, it could use a fluid such as blood or urine, but the subject has not displayed a marked interest in drawing. It is agreed, however, that it is wise not to tempt fate.) Subject is to be fed 3 times per day and whenever it requests food.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-638 is to remain in lock-down at Site-33 at all times. Female personnel are not to interact with SCP-638 in any way nor come within thirty (30) meters of SCP-638's containment cell. SCP-638's cell is ten (10) meters by fifteen (15) meters. Ongoing attempts at operant conditioning of SCP-638 incorporates rewards and punishments through room furnishings. SCP-638 has responded well to this conditioning, despite an incident during which it seems SCP-638 discerned the nature of the conditioning and became enraged. Any of these items may be removed as a result of misbehavior by SCP-638. SCP-638's containment cell currently contains:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-639 is to be kept in a standard containment cell measuring 3 m x 3 m furnished with whatever the subject requires so long as the items do not threaten security. SCP-639 should not leave containment area without an escort of at least one security guard, and should not be allowed to mingle with site personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-640 is to be kept inside an ellipsoidal room with a uniformly-reflective interior, such as nickel or chromium plating. The atmosphere in the room must be maintained at a temperature of between 260 and 307 K, at a relative humidity of 50% or less. Temperatures and humidities outside these limits greatly increase the entity's appetite and aggression and will likely result in personnel casualties.
Special Containment Procedures: When not in use by researchers or containment teams, the doll is to be stored under lock and key in an on-site safety deposit box. The box should be lined with felt and filled with packing materials in order to ensure its safety.
Special Containment Procedures: Both SCP-642-1 and SCP-642-2 have been fenced off and designated as sites of high radioactivity not currently suitable for remediation. Monitoring by Foundation personnel to prevent civilian access is ongoing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-643 is to be contained in a cold storage cell located at Site-77's Safe SCP wing. The ambient temperature of the room that SCP-643 is contained in must never exceed 10° Celsius. Any circumstance resulting in the temperature rising above this threshold is to be treated as a potential containment breach. Personnel handling SCP-643, or performing testing in its liquid state, are required to wear a hazmat suit equipped with a self-contained breathing apparatus.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-644 is to be held within a standard humanoid containment chamber within Hall ██ of Site-██. All staff or D-class in Site-██ known to have children are to be briefed of SCP-644's anomalous effects. Staff with children may opt out of testing with SCP-644 at any time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-645 is to be kept in a padded crate two (2) meters by two (2) meters by one (1) meter. Personnel within a ten (10)-meter radius of SCP-645 are to refrain from all statements which may be considered untruthful or deceitful.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-646 is kept in customized Containment Unit 9277 in Bio-Site 66. The floor is to be rinsed daily, and drain grates are to be checked weekly for buildup.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-647 is contained in a standard 3 meter by 3 meter biological holding cell. SCP-647 is to be monitored continuously via video feed.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-648 cannot be moved, it is contained on-site under the cover of a secondary entrance that is closed indefinitely for maintenance. At least two (2) armed, undercover guards disguised as site workers must be on duty at all times, and any individuals attempting to gain access to SCP-648 must be detained for questioning.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-649 is to be kept closed in a standard containment locker, located within Site-77. It should not be opened unless testing is being performed. SCP-649 is not to be moved from its containment chamber unless testing is being performed. In case of containment failure, heating implements should be placed in the cell to inhibit SCP-649's effect.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-650 is to be stored in a lockable room at least 4 meters by 4 meters, with comfortable lighting. It must remain under constant surveillance by no less than three (3) personnel. Observers are to position themselves so that the SCP and at least one additional observer are in their line of sight at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Subjects infected with SCP-651 are to be kept and treated in the secure medical wing of Site-██. Any secretions of SCP-651 patients should be disposed of in the manner detailed in protocol 9913-B. Access to SCP-651 patients by non-medical personnel is subject to O5 approval.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-652 is to be kept in standard domestic-animal facilities. The room requires basic furnishings for SCP-652 and its handler – bedding, food, water and so on. SCP-652 and its handler are permitted to roam the facility grounds at will.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-653 is to be kept in a securely locked box in Storage Room B at Site-██. The keys to the box are to be in the possession of Researcher ██████. Removal of SCP-653 requires at least two armed guards.
Special Containment Procedures: A habitat has been constructed for SCP-654 in Sub-Level 12 of Sector-28. The chamber is to be kept at a temperature of approximately -5 °C, and saltwater is to be circulated throughout the aquatic enclosure. Chamber walls outside of the aquatic enclosure have been plated with insulating ceramic composite.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-731 has been established at the premises of SCP-655. Personnel are advised that due to chronic political instability in the regime of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, no recognition of Site-731 as a Foundation asset exists at a national level. Site-731's activities occur under the auspices of Kreutzfeld Pharmaceuticals GmbH, a Foundation front organization, and the facility is to maintain cover as a tropical infectious disease research outpost.
Special Containment Procedures: Any instances of SCP-656 must be kept in a low-humidity area for preservation. Any requests for testing must be run by Dr. ████████.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-657 is to be kept in a room 8m x 8m at Site-19 with a queen sized bed and any other reasonable furnishings as requested by SCP-657.
Special Containment Procedures: All specimens of SCP-659 must be kept at least twenty-five (25) meters distant from each other. Ideally, specimens should be stored in separate facilities, but research has shown that 25 meters is sufficient to prevent flock behavior (Document 659-██). Specimens of SCP-659 can be held in containment able to hold an ordinary bird; however, the containment strategy must be changed at least once per week. More frequent changes are permitted if the specimen appears to have discovered an escape method. Previously used containment strategies must not be recycled on the same specimen. In the event of catastrophic containment failure total facility lockdown must be enacted. Due to the likely harmless nature of SCP-659, retrieval of wild specimens is not considered a priority. Recovery or extermination of all wild SCP-659 is extremely high priority; formation of a wild flock must be prevented by any means necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-660 may be safely stored in a standard locked safe-deposit box, provided its mouth remains covered with an inert Perspex disc and sealed with affixed tamper-proof strips. SCP-660 may be checked out for testing and research with the written approval of staff of Level 3 clearance or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-661 is confined to a standard holding cell measuring 6m x 8m at ███-██. Standard humanoid containment provision allows SCP-661 access to a bed, toilet, and a sink with a mirror, all of which are currently contained within the holding cell. At subject’s request, the room is kept at an average temperature of 20˚C. All other requests must be approved by a senior staff member.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-662 should be kept in its red velvet lined case and stored in High Value Storage locker 23C located at ███████ when not being utilized for testing or other appropriate activities. The item itself is safe to handle, and poses no known threats of any kind, though the effects generated could be considered highly valuable and variably powerful depending upon how the SCP is used.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-663 is to be kept in the second floor break room at Site 19. It is to remain in view of the security cameras, in a marked location near the sink. SCP-663 is not to be touched while processing. Only tap water is to be processed, with the reservoir filled every six hours. In the event that filling the reservoir ceases to effectively subdue SCP-663, it is to be placed in a soundproofed isolation chamber for seven (7) days. The desiccated human heart is then to be removed from the filtration chamber by one Level 2 researcher, and contained for study. The filter core is to be placed back in SCP-663, and then returned to the second floor break room. If SCP-663 is filled more than twice within six hours, it is to immediately be transported to a thermally shielded containment room by Level 1 personnel, and remain under thermal camera observation until it returns to room temperature.
Special Containment Procedures: Protocol G-3-16-U (containment of geographically immobile anomaly, urban subset) is to be followed, with a containment perimeter established at the property's boundary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-665 is not to leave his room under any circumstances barring a full site evacuation, in which instance a specially designed stainless steel crate has been constructed. SCP-665’s room is to be constructed entirely of stainless steel or a similar metal. SCP-665’s bed is to consist of a single mattress, specifically constructed to have a mass greater than 1000 kg. SCP-665 is only to be fed a specially formulated liquid diet, which is to be dispensed into the drinking glasses fused to his hands. SCP-665 is allowed access to live animals, provided that said animals are not wearing a collar or other similar adornment, and that he does not attempt to feed said animals.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-666 is to be stored in a monitored, closed vault at all times at Site 73 in the Tibetan mountains. Guards are to be changed weekly, must pass a background check before being assigned to their post, and proven free of drug and alcohol addiction.
Special Containment Procedures: The primary sample of SCP-667-1 is to be trimmed to an area of 0.5 sq km and maintained regularly to prevent it from expanding outside its current habitat. The perimeter of SCP-667-1's habitat is to be cleared of vegetation in a 30 m radius and fenced to prevent unauthorized access, and a region within a 3 km radius of the habitat is to be designated off-limits to civilian hikers or recreationists to prevent contact with SCP-667-2. Surveillance personnel are authorized to employ pesticides or fire to neutralize any instances of SCP-667-2 attempting to exit the containment zone.
Special Containment Procedures: [REVISED] As of [DATA EXPUNGED], no special containment procedures aside from standard security are required. SCP-668 is to be transferred to a locked safe-deposit box at Site 19's High Value Item Storage Facility. Standard defenses against intrusion (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-669 is to be kept in a lead-lined safety deposit on Site-19. Any personnel to be granted access to SCP-669 must have completed a training session led by an individual with 2/669 clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: The family unit collectively referred to as SCP-670 is currently contained at Sector 25, located in ███████, England. Members of SCP-670 are to be contained in a shared 12 m x 6 m holding cell, observed via surveillance camera. Cell is to contain four (4) beds, a bathroom, and an observation window. All staff entering SCP-670's containment area are to be searched for lighters, matches, and other sources of open flames.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-671 must be kept at Sector-██ in a clear plastic terrarium no less than 10m x 1m x 1m. The terrarium is to be assembled by heat merging only. It should contain at least 400 kg of sandy soil with humidity at least ██.█%. Appropriate food is provided via a hatch every week. The room is to be monitored by four cameras at all times. Entry and exit is via an airlock, which must be flooded with an insecticide harmless to humans each time it cycles. No piece of the door beyond the innermost panel itself may be accessible from inside the containment room, and all fixtures inside the room must be either sealed or built into the walls.
Special Containment Procedures: The sample kept at Research Sector-██ is to be maintained in a biodome suitable for desert life with accompanying scrub plants. Samples may be taken at the discretion of Dr. H█████. [REDACTED] is to have relevant data for the location of SCP-672 colonies uploaded. Any wild colonies are to have an MTF dispatched to enact procedure Lambda-6.
Special Containment Procedures: No living tissue is to enter the main containment area while SCP-673 is present. Dual air lock systems separated by decontamination and scanning cells are to be maintained at all times. Containment cell is to be immediately locked down during any maintenance or power failures, with release only after review by Site Security. Equipment exiting the containment cell is to be sterilized and remain in quarantine for a minimum of two weeks before being reused.
Special Containment Procedures: When not being tested, SCP-674 is to remain in a locked plastic case in Storage Site-23. SCP-674's cord is not required for its operation and is to remain coiled and tied. SCP-674 poses no existential threat to anyone other than its user; however, it has already demonstrated itself to be a potential security risk for the Foundation. Therefore in the event that security around SCP-674 is compromised, on-site personnel are authorized to destroy it at their discretion. Testing is ongoing to determine the risks and possibilities in using SCP-674 as an information gathering device.
Special Containment Procedures: The house containing SCP-675 has been designated Observation Post 9010. One researcher must be stationed within Observation Post 9010 at all times. Monitoring of SCP-675 is to be undertaken in 30 day shifts. No researcher may return to Observation Post 9010 before a minimum of six (6) shifts have passed. All researchers assigned to SCP-675 must undergo mandatory psychological screening prior to and after a completed shift in SCP-675.
Special Containment Procedures: The property containing SCP-676 is owned by the Foundation under the guise of █████████ Inc., a shell corporation. It is closed to the public, and posted signs indicate that the area is a hazardous materials storage facility.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-677 is currently in the vicinity of Saturn’s orbit. Due to its attraction to Earth, it is expected to land back on the planet by the year 2███. At least one telescope will be trained on SCP-677 to monitor its movement. When reentry occurs, a team will be dispatched to recover the object, whereupon it will be dismantled and returned to its storage locker at Site ██.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-678 is to be contained in a secure lockbox on-site in a container rated for security against at least Level 2 attempted containment breaches. Guards posted to guard SCP-678 should not be aware of what they are guarding, as recovery attempts are a risk. SCP-678 poses no recognized threat of escape at this time, but if the container is ruptured or SCP-678 removed for any reason, no personnel are to make unshielded contact with SCP-678.
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-679 should be contained in sealed glass vials, with the temperature kept at 25 °C. Infected subjects should be kept restrained in a sterile environment. All personnel handling samples or subjects should wear class A HAZMAT suits. Any material or infected subjects removed from containment should be incinerated immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: Because of its usefulness as a possible diagnostic tool, SCP-680 is to be kept at Containment Site-76 in Storage Locker 76-███. Additionally, to prevent accidental activation (and subsequent waiting periods) of SCP-680, the SCP must remain at least 10 meters away from all but mechanically static machinery. Use of SCP-680 on a subject must be approved by Level-3 Personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-681 is to be contained in a row of standard pressure tanks rated to contain helium gas. All tanks are to be chained to the floor or walls of the containment room. The containment room is to be kept airtight and at near-vacuum pressures, with two Level 1 staff assigned to check for tank leakage once a week. Checks are to be made in pressure suits, and none of the gas is to be removed without clearance from Level 2 personnel. In the event of a minor leakage into the storage chamber, the room is to be temporarily flooded with normal air to force SCP-681 into collection traps in the ceiling.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-682 must be destroyed as soon as possible. At this time, no means available to SCP teams are capable of destroying SCP-682, only able to cause massive physical damage. SCP-682 should be contained within a 5 m x 5 m x 5 m chamber with 25 cm reinforced acid-resistant steel plate lining all inside surfaces. The containment chamber should be filled with hydrochloric acid until SCP-682 is submerged and incapacitated. Any attempts of SCP-682 to move, speak, or breach containment should be reacted to quickly and with full force as called for by the circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-683 is to be kept in a standard 8x8x5m research bay equipped with a portable gas-powered generator. SCP-683 itself is to be covered with a suitably large, opaque drop cloth to prevent inadvertent visual contact when not involved in active research. Research bay door should meet Level II hazard control rating (steel door, reinforced hinges, SCPassport keycard access with manual override) but without the standard observation window. Video surveillance is restricted to this exterior door until testing is approved for recorded viewing of SCP-683. No guards should be posted unless approved by Level 3 or higher administrative staff, again to prevent possible inadvertent visual contact. No food or drink is permitted within twenty (20) meters of the containment area. SCP-683 is currently held in research bay Zingiber-4 at Site-19 under these conditions.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-684 is too large and massive to relocate, much less fully contain in any orthodox sense, HotBox procedures are in effect. If SCP-684 is judged to have expanded beyond the coordinates of [COORDINATES REDACTED], containment is said to have failed, and HotBox borders are to enact standard deterrent methodologies1.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-685 is a geological feature, it is unable to be moved from its current location. A 20 km radius around SCP-685, designated Research Site-85, is to be kept clear of all non-indigenous or non-Foundation personnel. In addition to on-site personnel, SCP-685 is to be monitored remotely via satellite from Command-██.
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-686 are to be stored under standard protocols for class 2 biohazardous liquids in G2 facilities. SCP-686 is infectious but not virulent. It can only afflict a new host when taken orally, and is not motile or otherwise 'active'. The infectious agent's mechanism of operation is not known. SCP-686 does not contain appreciable amounts of nucleic acids and prion activity is not apparent.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-687 is to be kept in a secured room at Site-15. The room is to contain a desk with locking drawers, a standard office chair, and a 12” analog color television as well as equipment to record and remotely monitor testing of SCP-687.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-688 is active in the wild. Specimens are retrieved by Mobile Task Force Theta-13 (“Land Sharks”) as uncontained nests are identified. A nested SCP-688 should be retrieved in darkness, by agents provided with night-vision equipment, and should be moved only by removal of the entire nest, including whatever physical structure is required to keep the nesting area enclosed and intact. The nest will be enclosed in an opaque light-proof container and be transferred and installed in the SCP-688 warehousing facility at Site-██.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-689 is to be contained in a large concrete chamber equipped with high-intensity sodium iodide lights. These lights must be wired to separate redundant circuits such that SCP-689 is brightly illuminated at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-690 is to be stored in a refrigerated locked container in Sector-7 Euclid SCP containment, with a temperature no greater than 10 degrees Celsius. Access to SCP-690 is restricted to personnel with level 2 access or higher. Experiments involving SCP-690 must be approved by an individual holding Level-4 clearance before testing commences.
Special Containment Procedures: One instance of SCP-691 (SCP-691-0) is to be stored in a safety deposit box within the Foundation archives at Site-██. Any other instances are to be destroyed following confirmation that they are identical to SCP-691-0. Access is restricted to Dr. ████-████████ and her research assistants. Following Incident SCP-691-I1, second-hand recordings of SCP-691 are prohibited unless permission is granted from a member of staff with level 5 clearance. Please see investigation logs for details of standard experimental procedure with respect to any instance of SCP-691.
Special Containment Procedures: Each package of SCP-692 is to be stored in a sealed plastic container. Any cloth, synthetic textile or other coming into contact with SCP-692 is to be incinerated within one (1) hour of incident, unless it is being used for testing, in which case it is to be incinerated after testing.
Special Containment Procedures: As all instances of SCP-693 are considered Safe, Researchers involved in testing may keep any instance of SCP-693 in their office. After Incident 693/A/050, all instances of SCP-693 are to be returned to regulation containment locker 12C-K when not in use.
Special Containment Procedures: The neighborhood that SCP-694 occupies has been evacuated with a cover story of industrial contamination, and is to be kept sealed off; homes have been purchased from their residents, and used for the establishment of observation sites known as Site-48 extension Security Post-694.
Many years before the Nothing:Something incident…
All routes that lead to the chase between SCP-694-1 and SCP-694-3 and SCP-694-4 have been closed off, with personnel stationed to re-route drivers away from the anomaly. MTF-Zeta 10 ("Time Travelers") are to stand guard and provide assistance to have public awareness of SCP-694 removed. Any deviations from the standard SCP-694 "script" are to be reported to the site supervisor.
Special Containment Procedures: Units of SCP-695 are to be contained in fresh water tanks, with no more than ten members in any single tank. All water used in containment tanks is to be from an enclosed system separate from any outside system, with all water used being added manually to the system as needed. Tank seals are to be checked daily, with any sign of leakage, wear, or attack being immediately reported to Site Security and repaired.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-696 is currently contained within a secure locker within Site-73.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-697 are kept in Storage Section-V of Site 18. The area is forty feet below ground level and lined with steel, ensuring only authorized personnel may enter. All unauthorized persons attempting to gain access are terminated on sight.
Special Containment Procedures: When not in use, SCP-698 is to be stored in its original packaging. This packaging is to be kept in a secure box in Storage Unit-05. Further containment procedures are not necessary under non-testing conditions. The item itself is safe to handle during transport or testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-699 is to be kept in a standard 8 m x 8 m x 5 m research bay, which was built around the object in the sub-basement of Site-83. The object shall be guarded at all times by two Level 1 personnel who have had a “negative” reaction to the object (see below) and have shown no interest in opening it. In addition, the artifact is to be kept under video surveillance at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-700 is immobile, one security team is to be permanently placed at the site, to prevent the entrance of civilians and unauthorized personnel. They are to be equipped with breath masks at all times while inside of SCP-700.
Special Containment Procedures: All materials relating to SCP-701 are to be kept in a triple-locked archive at Storage Site-██. These items currently consist of: the two (2) currently extant copies of the 1640 quarto; twenty-seven (27) copies of the 1965 trade paperback edition; ten (10) copies of a 1971 hardcover printing; twenty-one (21) floppy diskettes, consisting of data seized from raids on [EXPUNGED]; one (1) S-VHS video cassette tape (designated SCP-701-19██-A); and one (1) steel knife of unknown origin (designated SCP-701-19██-B). At no time are any of these items to be removed from the room. Access to the area is to be heavily monitored; absolutely no personnel whatsoever is to be granted access to the archive without the express, in-person permission of Drs. L████, R█████ and J██████.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-702 is to be contained in a crate lined with mundane packing materials. The crate is to be kept in a standard security locker with armed guards at all times. If the crate is breached, under no circumstances are any personnel to touch the SCP without wearing a pair of standard insulated gloves and an insulated coat. The slated destruction of SCP-702 is indefinitely postponed due to the unknown effects on SCP-702-1 and possible containment breaches.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-703 is to be contained within a standard containment chamber, located in Site 77's Euclid SCP wing. SCP-703 is to be monitored remotely in 5 hour shifts, and two armed guards are to be present within the chamber at all times, operating in 5 hour shifts. Entry into SCP-703 while it is in an active state is prohibited. When SCP-703 resumes an inactive state, a Class-D personnel will be sent in to retrieve the item.
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance and exit to SCP-704 are to be closed to the public as a private road. Both the entrance and exit are blocked by a solid steel barrier built to resemble a swing-arm style barrier. The swing-arm is non-functional and the barrier is instead designed to withstand high-speed collisions with vehicles up to the size of a semi-trailer. Armed guards are to be stationed at the entrance and exit to SCP-704 at all times to further discourage attempted entry.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-705 requires little security detail nor significant clearance to access, and is to be held in Sector 2 Safe SCP containment with the lid closed. Any access is to be logged when entering and exiting SCP-705’s containment, to be reviewed once a month. Misplacement or lack of attendance leading to containment failure is punishable by temporary removal of access. Repeat offenses incur more severe probations. SCP-705 is not to be used in any practical applications.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-706 is to be housed in a humanoid containment cell at Humanoid Containment Site-06-3 which has been modified with padded walls and minimal sharp edges. SCP-706 is to be provided with 1.2 kg of kaolin and ceramic glaze daily in addition to its regular diet.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-707 is kept disassembled in a double-locked secure locker at Site-██. Experimentation may only be performed with prior, written permission from at least two (2) Level 3 personnel. Once assembled, SCP-707 may only be handled by Class-D personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-708 is to be stored in a warehouse at Sector-19, pending further research. Keys to the ignition lock of SCP-708 are to be kept in a secure lock-box at Site-19 accessible only by Dr. Lentil, with a spare set in a secure lock-box maintained by Dr. Horrigan. Neither set is permitted to be accessed without the consent of at least one (1) Level 4 Personnel. Personnel attempting to make use of SCP-708 or gain access to either of its keys are to be immediately detained and must undergo a psychological evaluation. Keys are to be used in an alternating fashion, so as not to cause excessive wear to them.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-709 is currently set up in TA-F2, Sector-28. Any staff member is permitted to access the sphere, provided they schedule the time in advance, so as to avoid conflict. Class D personnel wishing to use the sphere require permission from their direct supervisor.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-710 is to be cordoned off by a perimeter fence with constant patrols and all roads leading in to the site must be guarded with armed checkpoints. All airspace above SCP-710 is considered a no-fly zone, which must be constantly monitored and enforced. Any violations of these security measures by unauthorized intruders can be resolved with the use of lethal force if necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Under no circumstances whatsoever is SCP-711 to be operated. Operation or attempted operation of SCP-711 is to be punished in all cases by the severest and most extreme measures available to the SCP Foundation. Enforcement of this zero-tolerance policy, should it become necessary, is to become the single highest-priority assignment for all available Foundation personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: The light-generating apparatus designated SCP-712-1 is stored fully assembled in a secure storage room at Research Site-14. The room's air is to be HEPA filtered and anyone entering must wear a clean room suit to minimize introduction of dust that could interfere with the optics of SCP-712-1. Anyone making adjustments to the components of SCP-712-1 must wear non-powdered nitrile gloves; latex gloves are not permitted as Dr. ███████ is severely allergic. The vibration-absorbing base of SCP-712-1 is attached securely to a 1.5 meter high table that is securely bolted to the floor of the room. The layout of this secure storage room is an "L" shape with the apparatus aimed at the far wall perpendicular to the door. No video recording devices are permitted in the room and all cameras viewing the entrance are to be fitted with one Wratten #90 filter and one linear polarizing filter with the axis of polarization oriented horizontally.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-713 is to be kept in a standard Safe-class inanimate-object containment cell at Site ██. Standard positive-action defenses are to remain in place at all times. It is not to be plugged in while stored.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-714 is to be stored in a reinforced, high-security locker that is to be accessible only to Level 4+ personnel, due to several incidents of misuse.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment area is to be coated in lead shielding both inside and out. Should any section of the shielding become damaged, replacement plates are to be installed immediately. Chains and plates used to secure SCP-716 are to have lead shielding as well, and are to be replaced as soon as wear or corrosion is observed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-717 is encased within Site-██, publicly known as the ██████████ Observatory. Observatory dome must remain closed from 10:30pm to 3:30am or when SCP-717 is active. A minimum of twelve armed guards are to be stationed outside Site-██ during all hours. Flamethrowers and flash-bang grenades are to be secured in the guardhouse in case of emergency.
Special Containment Procedures: No long-term observation is to be made of SCP-718. Any and all observation and interaction is to be restricted to five and ten minute periods, with personnel rotations every twenty-four hours. Extreme care must be taken with SCP-718, and full hazmat suits are mandatory for all personnel. Any damage done to SCP-718 must be reported as soon as possible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-719 is to be kept in a secure, lead-lined storage unit at Site-15 when not in use. SCP-719 is to be tested for residual radioactivity on a bi-monthly basis. If residual radiation levels exceed 10 Sv/h when SCP-719 is in an unpowered state, SCP-719-1 is to be removed from SCP-719 and installed into another compatible unit of similar manufacture.1 Once operation of the new unit is confirmed, the new unit will be designated SCP-719 and the old unit disposed of according to site protocols for radioactive waste.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-720 is to be kept in a standard Safe chamber, located within Site 77's Safe SCP wing. SCP-720 is to have its three fuel tanks removed when not in testing, and is to be checked every three weeks for signs of wear; should SCP-720 require any maintenance work, all eight reservoirs are to be removed before maintenance is performed.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-721 are to be contained in one of three designated lockers at Site 19's low-priority item storage facility, depending on whether they are classified as SCP-721-1, -2, or -3. Each instance must be sealed in a plastic bag with a label that clearly identifies their designation.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the unique nature of SCP-722, effectiveness of containment measures are as of yet untried. Containment measures are currently focused on maintaining the current state of SCP-722 until a more permanent solution can be found. Brain-wave activity, heart rate and internal temperature of the artifact are to be monitored at all times, as well as any variances in the integrity and volume of the glacial range within which SCP-722 currently resides, particularly Kangerdlugssuaq. Eight access points exist at various points in the glacier, each sealed by an airlock, with sound dampeners lining the glacial interior. At four hour intervals, nitrogen gas chilled to a near-liquid state is to be pumped into the room to lower the internal temperature as much as possible.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the immovable nature of SCP-723, a containment area designated Site-288 is to be constructed surrounding the immediate area to prevent potential civilian casualties or exposing the site's properties. Containment consists of standard 3m (10ft approx.) chain link fencing with access restriction signage surrounding the site's exterior. A further restriction zone of 2m is to be constructed around the entrance to SCP-723, secured with magnetic locks.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its immobility, SCP-724 is located in the central vault of Site-54. This vault is surrounded by a set of hinged shielding plates that can be closed to block radio signals from reaching SCP-724 and suppress the anomaly.
Special Containment Procedures: Subject is confined to a small coastal inlet adjacent to Sector-07. SCP-725 shows all biological requirements of its wild analogues, and is to be fed and its enclosure maintained according to on-site biologists. Because of the subject’s excitable nature, all watercraft are prohibited from operating within a 20 km radius of the enclosure, except as a measure to deter other marine mammals from lingering in the vicinity. Audio recordings are to be played on the hydrophone in the subject’s enclosure according to the current project director.
Special Containment Procedures: A single pair of human SCP-726 samples are to be contained at Site-17 in a padded cell for their own safety, cleaned of any waste matter at 24-hour intervals. A diet of mixed vegetable slurry is adequate for their nutritional needs. A jar of smooth peanut butter may be provided to pacify subjects during cleaning and examinations. On a quarterly basis, subjects shall be provided a pair of mixed sex cadavers, and terminated after successful reproduction. Absolutely no other animal tissues of any kind are permitted in the enclosure at any time.
Special Containment Procedures: A security fence has been constructed around the area of SCP-727. Civilians are to be turned away and officials are to be told that the area around SCP-727 is geologically unstable. Access to SCP-727 is permitted only for testing and requires at least one armed guard on duty outside the item's entrance. All crafted objects produced inside SCP-727 are to be stored in containment room 727-H at Site-██.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-728 is to be kept within a class IV containment vault at Sector-██. To date the item has shown no activity to warrant anything other than standard security procedures to prevent unauthorised access.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-729 is stored in a standard security chamber at Site ██. For ease of testing SCP-729 has been connected to the Site ██ water and sewage systems; however, use of the object outside of test conditions is prohibited. The risks associated with passive interaction with SCP-729 are minimal. Some staff have reported feeling 'dirty' or 'stressed' during prolonged periods in the vicinity of SCP-729, accompanied by a mild compulsion to make use of SCP-729 to bathe. This compulsion does not appear to be strong enough to force staff to break containment protocols so as to access SCP-729. However, staff feeling said compulsion are encouraged to leave the vicinity of SCP-729.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-730 and associated materials and subjects are housed in Sector-07 in a Delta level containment facility. Ongoing research necessitates regular staff interaction with affected materials (using appropriate isolation equipment). Researchers are required to undergo 36 hours of isolation and decontamination before leaving the containment facility. Any staff exposed to SCP-730 will be reclassified as a research subject and assigned to the facility indefinitely.
Special Containment Procedures: A system of decommissioned utility tunnels at Site 9 was sealed off and converted into a mock sewer system covering an area approximating six city blocks, with seventeen "street-level" access points sized to fit SCP-731-1. D-class personnel are sent to "check the manhole covers" every one to two weeks to ensure that SCP-731-1 does not attempt to stray farther afield. All other horizontal access hatches or aperture covers within a five-kilometer radius have been sealed or retrofitted to a form factor incompatible with SCP-731-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-732 is currently uncont@!#%$ U CANT HES INVINCABLE!!!1!!1!1!111!!@#$wever, if containable, let alone contained, SCP-732 should be kept away from all vital records and should be @#$%3^@4167 Subject must be provided with a 1500 room mansion and a secret lab with which to combat crime and villainy@#$5$%86&*ll compromised records must be destroyed to avoid further contamination of our database.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-733-01 is stored in a secure locker at Site-██. Experimentation with SCP-733-01 may only be performed with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 4 personnel, and any testing performed must be done with direct supervision from at least one (1) Level 3 personnel. As of ██/█/██, all testing with SCP-733-01 has been suspended due to Incident 733-03.
Special Containment Procedures: Any staff entering the containment area must be in contained atmosphere haz-mat suits. No physical contact is to be made with SCP-734. Anyone making physical contact with SCP-734 is to be immediately removed from the containment area and placed in quarantine for observation. Any items exiting the testing area must be sterilized before being allowed to exit the containment area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-735 is to be stored in a locked cell at Research Site-14, with access granted to Level 2 personnel or higher after having undergone a session of preparatory therapy to interact with the device.
Special Containment Procedures: Direct observation of SCP-736 is to be coordinated through Foundation intelligence assets in the European Space Agency, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, China National Space Administration, and Russian Federal Space Agency. The next mission for close observation of SCP-736 is scheduled for 2022, and is designed to be a clandestine science objective for the European Space Agency's Jupiter Icy Moon Explorer project. Ground-based telescope observation of Iapetus and the Saturnian system is to be maintained at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-737 is to be kept in a locked copper safe welded to the wall in Storage Unit ██ at Site ██. While in its safe, SCP-737 is to be placed on its side in order to prevent a containment breach. In the event of a containment breach, staff are to attempt to incapacitate SCP-737 without touching or destroying its front carriage.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-738 is to be kept in three linked sealed chambers with armed guards and a remote detonation system at all times, as well as constant full audio/visual surveillance. Due to the variety and strength of observed interactions with SCP-738, and the unknown limits of SCP-738, the following procedures are to be strictly followed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-739 is to be kept in a well-lit room, with its door wedged open at all times. Under no circumstances are any personnel with personality characteristics of grandiosity, psychopathy, sociopathy or solipsism to be assigned to SCP-739. If no such personnel are available, the use of mental alterations to produce such personnel is authorized.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-740 can be safely stored in its envelope in a security deposit box. Researchers testing SCP-740 must wear gloves at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: As the object has sunk to an extreme depth and is surrounded by a region of elevated pressure, it is largely isolated from external influence. Nevertheless, periodic monitoring by sonar and/or submersible should be conducted to ensure that it has not been tampered with. Russia has actively encouraged the use of the Foundation-contracted Russian warships SCPS Basisty and Krasnoyarsk for these purposes. In the event of activity within the exclusion zone surrounding SCP-741, Procedure 353-KOSCHEI is to be enacted; this procedure entails the use of nuclear and conventionally-armed RPK-2 Viyuga anti-submarine/surface missiles aboard the Krasnoyarsk. Any movement of 741 is to be met immediately with a nuclear strike. All other contacts are to be engaged with conventional warheads.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-742-1 are kept in separate solitary confinement cells in the maximum security wing of Site-██, and are fed █ kilograms of freshly harvested human bone marrow obtained [REDACTED] in addition to standard humanoid-grade rations.
Special Containment Procedures: No one may enter SCP-743’s containment area except for scheduled D-class personnel. Any activity that must be performed within SCP-743’s containment area must be performed remotely by robot.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-744's immobility, Containment Facility 744-A has been built around it. A two kilometer perimeter surrounding the area is blocked off with a concrete wall topped with concertina wire, and is monitored by security cameras. Guard posts located on the perimeter are to be manned by security personnel armed with standard field gear. Any items produced by SCP-744 are to be retained until they can be used.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-745's point of origin has been traced to an abandoned stretch of Highway ██ in northern New Mexico. The Foundation has purchased the surrounding land and the highway has been redirected. On-site security are disguised as Highway Patrol agents and are tasked with removing trespassers and capturing any new hunting pairs of SCP-745. Any SCP-745 creatures that are captured, live or dead, are to be loaded into class 3 BCU storage containers to await transport to Site 17. Containment procedures to preserve living specimens of SCP-745 are still being researched and no captured specimen has survived more than a week in captivity, but as there have been no new sightings of SCP-745 outside of its point of origin the species is presumed to be effectively contained. Requests for access to SCP-745 cadavers are to be forwarded to Dr. Langford directly.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-746 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-66. Specialized bedding designed for SCP-746's anatomy is to be provided for comfort and be replaced every three months.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-747 are to be contained in a room exactly thirty (30) metres by ten (10) metres, with walls consisting of concrete fifteen (15) centimetres thick. All instances of SCP-747 are to be contained together in the same room. In the occurrence SCP-747 shows interest in any personnel, Procedure SCP-747-B9 must be performed immediately. Under no circumstances shall any unusual actions of SCP-747 go unreported to personnel level 3 or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-749 is to be contained in a sealed Live Containment Vault with a minimum of three armed guards at all times. All guards posted are to be equipped with chemical dispersal units loaded with appropriate insecticides at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-750 presents no threat unless applied directly to a human eye, and so shall be kept in Dr. Langley's office until all relevant tests and studies are completed. All instances of SCP-750 are to be removed from the previous user after testing has been completed, whereafter they are to be cleaned and returned to their included case.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-751 is to be kept in a hermetically sealed container with a volume of one (1) cubic meter. The container must be maintained at high humidity and nutrients detailed in Document 751-A are to be injected into the container on a daily basis.
Special Containment Procedures: Areas 752-1 through -4 have been constructed around the four known entrances to SCP-752. No personnel are permitted to enter SCP-752, although unmanned infiltration missions using technology taken from inside SCP-752 are permitted. In the event of an uncontrollable containment breach, Protocol Shangdu-47 must be implemented. Otherwise, termination is not advised as it could lead to the release of SCP-752-1 in the event of failure.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-753 is currently contained at Sector-28, located on █████████ ██████ SCP-753 is to be contained in a 6m x 6m holding cell, monitored by surveillance cameras at all times. SCP-753 is to be provided with five (5) litres of each primary color of paint each day, along with twenty-four (24) standard painting canvases. All paintings created by SCP-753 are to be recorded by research staff.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-754 is to be kept under constant surveillance in a Bio-Hazard Containment Chamber. The room must be equipped with a liquid nitrogen emergency coolant system. A shallow planter of standard potting soil has been placed next to SCP-754 to provide a "target zone" for germination events.
Special Containment Procedures: The capture of SCP-755-a is to be considered a K class priority to all personnel assigned to SCP-755. Should SCP-755-a be captured alive, all possible effort is to be made to ensure their compliance, and they are to be delivered to Humanoid Detaining Facility 17 for questioning and study.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-756's 10 m x 10 m cell is to remain accessible only by airlock. Personnel entering must wear EVA spacesuits (with an MMU if necessary) and ensure that they do not move too close to any of the planetoids in orbit. No lights are to be shone on or toward the planetoids, and anything that might be loosely described as a heat source must be kept as far from them as possible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-757 has been transplanted to a garden plot at Bio Site-103, which is to be under constant surveillance. Access to SCP-757 requires authorization from a researcher with level 3 clearance. The plot is to be cleaned of all rotten instances of SCP-757-1 twice a month, and they are to be incinerated on-site.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-758 is to be kept in comfortable living quarters with whatever amenities he desires so long as they are within Foundation protocol. 758's quarters need neither lock nor guard. If he is found wandering the halls, contact one of the doctors studying the subject. He is to receive three meals a day and any snacks he may request. When speaking directly to SCP-758, he is to be addressed as "Vasili" at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: All samples of SCP-759 are to be stored in wide-mouthed, airtight ceramic or glass-lined containers. Samples are to be kept at temperatures no lower than 0.9 °C and no higher than 11.4 °C unless in active use. Once per week, the following procedure is to be observed by the assigned personnel for each active sample:
Special Containment Procedures: Each specimen of SCP-760 is to be kept in an individual containment area. The locks on the doors to these containment areas are to be changed every month. Feedings composed of ██ g of a nutrient-rich paste are to be issued once a day. Specimens are only to be introduced to each other in experiments meant to observe social interactions and subsequent psychological events between specimens. At least two armed guards are to be posted outside of each containment area at any time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-761's frame is to be contained in a standard containment chamber, located in Site-77. No net is to be attached to SCP-761, except for testing purposes. The testing chamber is to be suspended 25 meters from any other surface, only accessible via elevator. Any materials or documents relating to SCP-761 have been stored in Site-77's non-anomalous documentation area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-762 is held inside a storage crate at Site ██. As SCP-762 does not appear to be dangerous to anyone not placed inside of it, no further precautions are required. Anyone wishing to experiment with SCP-762 must get authorization from Dr. Rights.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-763 is contained in Sub-Basement G of the now-defunct ██████ █████ veal production facility on the outskirts of ██████, Illinois. After the discovery of SCP-763, the Foundation acquired the facility, which was secured and designated Biological Site-██. The facility is still supplied with the liquid feed solution previously used to nourish veal calves, though only enough to maintain SCP-763's growth. The feeding system established by the facility's previous owner, Klaus ████, has been documented and should be maintained unless a more efficient feeding method is devised. If any components are added to SCP-763, the dosage of nutrient solution must be scaled up accordingly. Consult document SCP-763-█ for the volume and release time of solution to be provided per component.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-764 is to be kept in Hazard Vault MT-███, with unlocking mechanisms only operable by two Class 1 Researchers or higher working in tandem. No personnel are to enter without proper safety precautions, and no personnel are to be in Hazard Vault MT-███ unless under the direct orders of Level 4 personnel or as part of an approved destruction attempt. Personnel entering Hazard Vault MT-███ are to wear the locking gauntlets in Containment Supply 313, size 14, and the key is not to be brought into the vault. The gauntlets physically prevent attempts to don SCP-764 due to their size, and therefore permit SCP-764 to be handled with a modicum of safety.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-765 is to be isolated from the rest of Site-88 by a wire fence of at least 1.22 meters. Instances of SCP-765-1 are harmless beyond this area, and SCP-765's effects are negligible at this range. SCP-765 is to be staffed with a rotating group of researchers and guards. These personnel are to be changed every three to six days to avoid suffering the detrimental effects of SCP-765. Researchers who have been absent from SCP-765 for at least one month may apply for assignment to it again.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-766's immobile nature, Site-362 has been built around it. Operated by dummy corporation ██████ ███ ██ in ██████, Indonesia, SCP-766 is stored in a locked room behind the site's storage room. A wooden crate has been lowered over it, which is fastened to a cleat on the floor by a combination lock.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-767-1 through SCP-767-13 are to be held within SCP-767-14, which shall be kept closed and locked at all times. SCP-767 is to be held in the Hazardous Items secure containment center of Research Site ███. Access to SCP-767 requires written authorization of at least one Level 4 site administrator.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-768 is stored without batteries in a standard Safe-class secure locker at Site ██. Access to SCP-768 requires approval from at least one (1) Level 3 Senior Researcher, and Site ██ Security must be notified of any experiments to be performed on SCP-768 at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-769 must be kept inside a secure, waterproof vault whenever it is not in use. No fluid is to come in contact with the bowl outside of approved experiment protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-770 is to be stored in a 500 ml flask made of isotopically pure iron-56. The flask is to be evacuated of atmosphere, and stored in a de-pressurised steel safe, lined with isotopically pure iron-56 foil and 7.5 cm of lead. Currently, SCP-770 is stored at ███████ ███ ██.
Special Containment Procedure: SCP-771 is to be held in a secure windowless containment cell at all times. Any and all materials entering or exiting the containment area must be scanned for contamination. Containment area must be checked weekly, and any damage done by SCP-771 is to be immediately repaired. No personnel are to enter SCP-771's cell without full body haz-mat containment and Dangerous Object Handling (DOH) armor.
Special Containment Procedures: All SCP-772 specimens are to be contained in their 18 m x 18 m x 9 m enclosure, which is contained within a 20 m x 20 m x 10 m hermetically sealed chamber located at Sector-07. A maximum capacity of fifteen (15) specimens per this enclosure is advised, as exceeding this number could result in heightened levels of SCP-772 aggression. This chamber is fitted with a pneumatic fluoridated aluminum dispenser that may be activated remotely if an emergency euthanisation of SCP-772 is necessary, resulting in the suffocation and incineration of all SCP-772 specimens. This emergency euthanisation mechanism and all related equipment must undergo routine maintenance checks to ensure adequate performance. The interval between maintenance checks is not to exceed seven (7) days. SCP-772 eggs are to be stored in a well-lit freezer at a temperature no higher than -10º C (14º F). Surplus/unwanted eggs are to be incinerated immediately and the resulting debris must be examined for any signs of life. If signs of life are present a second round of incineration is authorised. The same procedure should be applied to all expired/unneeded subjects who are, or could possibly be, SCP-772 hosts.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-773 requires no special containment procedures at this time, and is to be held at Site-██ in secure storage until further notice.
Special Containment Procedures: All supplies of SCP-774 are to be kept in sealed metal barrels designed for hazardous chemical waste. Subjects are to be maintained on hospital beds, kept alive via Procedure 17-A.
Special Containment Procedures: Interaction with SCP-775 is to be carried out via robotic assistance whenever possible. Should direct human interaction be required, all staff must wear the Mk2 contained-atmosphere armored Haz-Mat suit at all times. Should any tear be found in a suit, the subject must be immediately placed in quarantine and checked for signs of infestation. Containment area must be coated in a layer of plate steel, with all joints and seams made as tight as possible without compromising structural integrity. A two-part airlock seal is to be maintained as the single access point to the containment area. Airlocks will be flooded with bleach if any unit of SCP-775 is detected within the airlock, and remain flooded for five minutes, or until all SCP-775 have been terminated. Containment area is to be sprayed with bleach on a monthly basis to maintain population density. Feedings are not to exceed twice [DATA EXPUNGED] provided only at the discretion of Site Command.
Special Containment Procedures: A 6.5 meter wall with posted guards and a surveillance system has been built around the town inhabited by SCP-776-A. Civilians are under the impression that this marks the territory of a government research facility. Site-██ has been established within these limits for research into the anomalous properties of SCP-776-A. Personnel assigned to SCP-776-A are free to interact with its members at any given time, but are encouraged to limit such contact to only that which is needed to further understanding of the SCP. Interaction with members of SCP-776-A is limited strictly to testing in light of the events of Incident 776-3. No individual who is part of the SCP-776-A group is allowed to leave the town under any circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: The area known as SCP-777 is to be contained behind two (2) meter tall electrical fencing. Motion activated turrets are to be placed within the area in order to prevent any instances of SCP-777-1 from escaping the containment area. No liquids are allowed within the area known as SCP-777.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-778 is particularly dangerous in that it is immobile and centered in [DATA EXPUNGED] National Park, which is frequented by civilians. Signs or public documents displaying maps of or mentioning the existence of SCP-778 are to be erased, destroyed, or rewritten as necessary. Public awareness of SCP-778 must be avoided as much as possible. Placing signs over the trailhead marking it as "closed" and "dangerous" has been found effective and is to remain in place. Two undercover agents are to be located within the park at all times to monitor civilian access to or awareness of SCP-778. These measures should be effective in deterring civilians from contact with SCP-778.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-779 is currently contained at Site ██, in ██████. SCP-779 specimens are to be contained in a 6 m x 6 m chamber with no furniture. All personnel entering SCP-779's containment chamber are to wear hazmat suits. Hazmat suits are to be checked for ruptures before and after entering the containment chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-780 must be kept in a locked steel box 10 cm x 10 cm x 10 cm, with walls at least 1 cm thick. This box is to be kept on a 5 meter pedestal, at the center of a 20 meter x 20 meter concrete room. Individuals wishing to approach SCP-780 must submit to a full-body search, and may not bring plants (living or artificial), images of plants, descriptions of plants, or digital displays of any kind within 10 meters of SCP-780 except as part of a preapproved test protocol. Individuals with plant tattoos are likewise forbidden from approaching SCP-780 except during testing.
Special Containment Procedures: All known copies of SCP-782 are to be kept at Storage Site-██. ██ copies are currently in storage; the total number of existing copies is unknown. Mobile Task Force Kappa-██ ("The Bookworms") is tasked with searching libraries, used book stores and thrift stores for copies still in circulation. Copies of SCP-782 must be stored in a low humidity environment to discourage decomposition. If possible, personnel handling copies of SCP-782 should not be capable of reading English. English-literate personnel are to treat SCP-782 as a Gabriel-7 level memetic threat.
Special Containment Procedures: Personnel must monitor the town of Temby, and continue to develop the entity's profile. Its victims are to be retrieved, incinerated, and cataloged in this file.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-784 has been disguised as a gated community and is currently surrounded by a 3.5-meter-high, 0.8-meter-thick concrete wall to deter intrusion. The top of the wall is lined with electrified steel cable, and the gate is to be locked. Any non-Foundation personnel attempting to enter SCP-784 are not to be interfered with, due to the possibility of provoking a violent reaction from the occupants of SCP-784. Non-Foundation personnel exiting SCP-784 are to be detained, questioned, and released following administration of a Class-B amnestic. Foundation personnel entering SCP-784 are to be dressed in traditional Christmas wear prior to entering SCP-784.
Special Containment Procedures: If periodic global searches of governmental records report the registration of any restaurant with the phrase “Uncle █████'s ████ █████’” in its title, a containment breach is to be reported to both the supervising researcher of SCP-785 and the leader of Mobile Task Force Beta-3 (“Take-out Diners”). MTF Beta-3 is to secure the restaurant (SCP-785-2) and prevent any civilians from entering or exiting. Following the lockdown of the immediate area, a five kilometer radius quarantine is to be constructed around SCP-785-2. All civilians inside the quarantine are to be interviewed and administered Class A or B amnestics, on a case-by-case basis. The restaurant owner and all individuals knowledgeable about SCP-785-2 or its origins will be personally interviewed by the overseeing Level 4 researcher. Following the interview process, the Foundation is to ensure that all media reports will have the restaurant name (SCP-785-1) altered. Due to the extensive amount of time required in resolving a SCP-785 containment breach, it is advised that Standard Cover Story 12 (“Gas Leak”) be deployed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-786 is not autonomous and its peculiar properties appear to be both safe and predictable. It is to be kept in a secure storage room at Site 19 with standard surveillance precautions in place. However, it is important that the storage room be kept secure against vermin of any sort. The room must be sealed to prevent entry by insects, rodents, and other small creatures, and fumigated on a bi-monthly basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-787 is currently contained within Hangar 04 at Sector-28. Security cameras and sound recording equipment are to be stationed in the cockpit, passenger area, and baggage hold of SCP-787 to record any anomalous events. In the event of any anomalous activity within SCP-787, access to the interior of SCP-787 is to be prohibited for a minimum of 72 hours.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-788 is contained at Site ██ in a high-temperature ceramic lined chamber 25 m in diameter, filled with molten lead kept at a temperature of 900 degrees Centigrade. If SCP-788 becomes active or attempts to break containment, its containment chamber is to be cooled until SCP-788 ceases movement. SCP-788 is to be fed 500g pellets of iron and magnesium on a daily basis.
Special Containment Procedures: All physical telephone and internet connections have been removed from SCP-789. The property is to be examined weekly for the appearance of new connections. If any are found, they must be severed immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-790 is to be kept under observation at all times, and must be contained within an airtight cell, ideally with an airlock in place of a door. Also, given SCP-790’s curiosity, the furniture within the cell must be of materials that will not absorb liquid: the mattress, being the sole exception to this rule, is to be replaced once a week and incinerated as quickly as possible to avoid containment breaches.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment area is to have a sealed drainage system, and any materials or liquids collected are to be submitted for testing and review. Emergency drainage systems are to be maintained at all times, and must possess no fewer then eight filtration screens.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-792 is surrounded by an electric fence topped with razor-wire, measuring 4 meters high. The only entrance to SCP-792 is a gate on the south side, which is to be guarded by three (3) armed security personnel at all times. Additional security personnel are posted every 1.5 km around the perimeter. SCP-792 must be inspected weekly for new instances of SCP-792-1, except between September 2nd and October 31st. No other personnel are to be admitted to the area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-793 is to be marked with stakes marking the perimeter of the "Zone of Denial" (A base distance of 13.4 meters from each side of the ████████ ██████ Medicinal Center is to be marked as the Zone of Denial, with a second perimeter extending the Zone of Denial out an extra 50 meters to be regarded as the "Restricted Zone"). Signs - placed on the perimeter of the Zone of Denial - must state "No Unauthorized Entrance" in the following languages: English, French, Swahili, Luba-Kasai, Kikongo, and Luganda. When testing, access is to be restricted to Class-Ds. No other Foundation personnel are to be allowed entrance. The future installation of security cameras around the hospital is a possibility.
Special Containment Procedures: The area in a 10 km radius surrounding SCP-794 has been designated as a no-fly zone and all unauthorized personnel attempting to enter the area are to be detained for questioning. Unauthorized aircraft attempting to enter the airspace around SCP-794 are to be signalled off immediately, and any that fail to follow instructions are to be intercepted and detained at Containment Site 794-Alpha.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-795 is to be contained in a 75 m x 5 m area divided and secured with clear Plexiglas walls containing locked doors as follows:
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-796 affects only one individual at any one time, information concerning it need only be suppressed at a local level. Clinical and psychiatric records are to be screened for possible mentions of SCP-796's effects. The current affected individual is to be identified and located as soon as possible. Should an individual be confirmed to be under the effect of SCP-796, they are to be coerced into containment. The use of force, lethal or otherwise, is not permitted against individuals suspected of being affected by SCP-796.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-797 is to be contained in a room six (6) metres in length and six (6) metres in width. Walls (including floor and ceiling) must be at least 10 cm thick. Room is to be air-tight, with filtering system to clean the air of any bacteria. Every seven (7) days, a human cadaver of any age, condition, gender, or race is to be deposited in SCP-797's containment. After a period of twenty-four (24) hours, the cadaver is to be removed. Under no circumstances are any personnel to interact with SCP-797. Should SCP-797 enter a rage state, SCP-797-01 is to be eliminated via incineration and a new cadaver wheeled in, prompting a re-set of schedule.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-798 is currently housed in an 80 cm by 60 cm cage on a wooden table. No personnel should approach SCP-798 alone. SCP-798’s cage is to be kept secure within a low-level cell.
Special Containment Procedures: Each specimen of SCP-799 is to be kept in a separate bio-containment cell at Bio-Site-66. 100 g of dry brine shrimp is to be sprinkled over each object monthly; if this is not available, 500 g of household dust will suffice. It has been determined that Bio-Site-66’s maintenance staff remove significantly more than the necessary quantity of dust from the D-class dorms monthly. This dust is to be collected in the usual dustpan bags and delivered as necessary. No more than 500 g per specimen is necessary or advised. Should any "throw pillows" or similar objects appear, they are to be placed in separate containment immediately and the presiding researcher notified.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-800 is currently contained in a 50 cm x 200 cm x 2 cm hermetically sealed glass case. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure. No maintenance is necessary on SCP-800 itself, despite its apparent age, but its case is to be cleaned of dirt and dust every 6 days. No paint, ink, other writing materials, or any staining fluids are to come into contact with SCP-800 except under controlled testing conditions and with prior O5-level approval.
Special Containment Procedures: All iterations of SCP-801 are to be kept in a metal locker on Foundation grounds. Access to SCP-801 for testing purposes is granted to any personnel Level 2 and above. All articles of SCP-801 should be dry-cleaned after testing. No further containment procedures aside from standard security are required.
Special Containment Procedures: A security perimeter must be maintained at a fifteen kilometer radius around SCP-802's territory. Due to the large area needed to be covered, and the isolated nature of SCP-802's territory, warning signs, fences, automated security systems, and regular patrols should be sufficient to prevent unauthorized intrusion. No fewer than three lines of containment must be maintained within the perimeter at all times. These lines must consist of:
Special Containment Procedures: All ██ instances of SCP-803 are to be contained in seperate biohazard containment cells at Site-██. The specimens are to be fitted with radio transmitters set to secure channels. One D-class subject is to be provided for experimentation in the event of extreme hostility from SCP-803 instances.
Special Containment Procedures: Until such time as SCP-804 is found to be without any memetic effect it is to remain in its original location at the former site of █████ █████, Alaska, where exposure to the elements prevents its reactivation. A 30m x 30m camouflage tarp is to be maintained over SCP-804 and facilities for armed guards and testing are to be maintained 130 meters from its location. Trespassers are to be treated with a Class-A amnestics and returned to the nearest town of [DATA EXPUNGED] or terminated at the discretion of on-site security. In the event of SCP-804 being approached or seized by a hostile armed force, Contingency 804-X is to be executed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-805 is to be kept in a stable in Sector ██. This is to be locked shut at night with at least one guard of Level 2 clearance or above stationed at the main door at all times. During daylight, personnel of Level 3 clearance or above with adequate equine handling skills are allowed and encouraged to interact with SCP-805, provided they are wearing full body coverings or hazmat suits. SCP-805 is to be treated like a normal young horse and is allowed into the adjoining courtyard for exercise during the day. At this time, samples may be taken from SCP-805 for testing. Staff are reminded that SCP-805 will react to inappropriate treatment like a normal horse, which resulted in Incident [DATA EXPUNGED]. Any personnel found to be mistreating SCP-805 will be immediately removed from the area and clearance to SCP-805 revoked.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-806 is to be kept sealed in Containment Locker 8 at Bio-Site-66. Researchers interested in utilizing the item are to contact Dr. Bridge for an interview.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-807 is to be kept in a locked safe deposit box at Site 19's High Value Item Storage Facility. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-808 is currently unable to be moved from its original location. As such, Armed Containment Site-27 has been built around the area in which it was found.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-810 is to be kept in a transparent container and should be kept under video surveillance at all times. During experimentation, it is only to be handled by Class-D personnel or while wearing gloves. After any experiment is concluded, any Class-D personnel who may 'own' the SCP are to be terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-811 should be kept in a climate-controlled, cylindrical glass enclosure, between ten (10) and twenty (20) (inclusive) metres in diameter, filled to a depth of no less than two and a half (2.5) metres on average with wetland soil and stagnant fresh water. It is to be furnished with a variety of aquatic plants from its native swamp in █████, as the remaining vegetation there has exhibited the adaptation to regrow quickly from injuries endured during contact with SCP-811 as long as the roots are undamaged. Logs of manageable size and additional humus-rich soil may be provided for good behavior.
Special Containment Procedures: Being inanimate and more or less inert, SCP-812 can theoretically be stored almost anywhere. However, to prevent accidental flooding, the object should be kept outdoors. Only one of the object's doors should be opened at a time; carelessness, particularly in transit, can and will result in drowning. If both doors are opened at once, the rate of flow will render the act of closing the double doors impossible; close the side door and the flow will stop.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-813 is housed at Site-117 and contained in a 2m cubic steel crate filled with an industrial foam. SCP-813 must be encased within this foam at all times and must not come into direct contact with the interior walls of the container. The crate is suspended by industrial-grade elastic supports and is not permitted within 3m of any surface.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-814-1 is to be kept in a sprung, evacuated anechoic chamber within the Quiet Area of a Type IV acoustic containment facility. SCP-814-2 is to be stored in a climate-controlled locker outside the facility's Quiet Area. As its mechanisms are very fragile, SCP-814-1 is not to be accessed under any circumstances without the authorization of its Senior Researcher or HMCL. In the event of a Site emergency, SCP-814 is to be remotely destroyed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-816 is currently contained to Provisionary Site-██ of its own volition. A containment breach is not considered likely, and any containment breach would likely end without intervention, as SCP-816 requires access to SCP-816-1 in order to survive, and is not capable of moving SCP-816-1. SCP-816-1 must be re-wound every 50 years to ensure continued dependence. In the event that SCP-816 becomes no longer dependent upon SCP-816-1, Contingency 816-C must be immediately enacted (see document SCP-816-█) Provisionary Site-██ [Site-P/██] has been established to contain and research SCP-816. Site-P/██ is a home in █████████, Switzerland, and SCP-816 is confined to its basement.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-817 is held in a solitary confinement cell in Site-██. Numerous mechanisms for incapacitating SCP-817 are built into its cell, including sedative-loaded darts, pumps to fill the chamber with sleeping gas, pumps to remove oxygen from the chamber, a mechanism to flood the chamber with water or acidic or alkaline solutions, an electric current that can be run through the floor and walls, a mechanism to fill the entire room with quick-hardening foam, and a mechanism to introduce approximately three hundred (300) black flies to the room (SCP-817 has a known phobia of flying insects.)
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-818 was confined in a circular area of no less than four meters across, with no object directly obscuring the walls. SCP-818's containment area contained: one (1) sleeping mattress, one (1) table, and one (1) light fixture, fitted with high wattage fluorescent light bulbs. SCP-818's cell was not, under any circumstances, rearranged, nor was the light turned off. Personnel were not permitted in SCP-818's holding cell, nor any area within an additional ten meters around the cell's perimeter, during its active times (from exactly 8:43 A.M. to 9:21 P.M). Personnel exposed to SCP-818's area of effect during its active time were reclassified to Class D and enrolled in SCP-818's test group.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-819 is currently housed in a secured locker in Site-19. Permission from Dr. Dreyn is required to access items SCP-819-A through F.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation MTF █-█ "Methyl Heads" will regularly treat areas prone to SCP-820 with such pesticides as might be utilised by farmers native to those areas. In addition to this, media coverage in the affected areas will be controlled to encourage citizens to remain indoors and in a safe place until swarm season has ended. A focus in media coverage during the off season will be sensationalist stories designed to increase everyday paranoia and form habits in viewers conducive to personal safety.
Special Containment Procedures: The area SCP-821 is located in has been purchased by the Foundation, with a standard containment warehouse constructed around it, designated Containment Outpost 821. Daily inspections of SCP-821's exterior structure are to be performed by security personnel, with any significant changes being reported to the containment supervisor. No personnel are to enter SCP-821 due to its structural instability.
Special Containment Procedures: Specimens of SCP-822 are contained in an isolation chamber at Biological Containment Site-103. Personnel may not approach within 5 meters of the chamber at any time; watering and soil conditioning are to be done via automated systems and any maintenance work must be done remotely with robotic assistance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-823 is to be secured by no fewer than six (6) on-site personnel until such time as decontamination protocols can be established and the artifact in question neutralized. Personnel must respect a twenty meter (20 m) safe zone around the currently established Red (No Entry) Zone at all costs. Any individual, civilian or not, who enters the established Red Zone is to be terminated immediately by sniper fire.
Special Containment Procedures: Eighteen specimens of SCP-824 and two specimens of SCP-824-1 are to be kept at a dedicated greenhouse at Site 41. No other plants are to be planted in this greenhouse. Fifty kilograms of dead plant matter are to be provided to each specimen weekly.
Special Containment Procedures: At least two Foundation members must be present for any interaction with SCP-825. One member must be designated Monitor and remain at least 2 m from SCP-825 at all times. If accidental application occurs, the Monitor should notify the security team. The Monitor must not attempt removal of SCP-825 without supervision.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-826 is to be kept in a 25 cm x 25 cm safe with a numerical keypad lock. The combination for the lock will be given only to those with Level-2 clearance and will be changed on a weekly basis.
Special Containment Procedures: Site 827 has been established at the location of SCP-827's discovery. For the purposes of the Foundation, SCP-827 has been outfitted with a specialized cell reactor that allows for introduction of samples and removal of their products. Personnel actively interacting with SCP-827 are to wear full Level-C or higher Hazmat gear.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-828-1 is to be housed in the Site-641 marine mammal rehabilitation center located 10 kilometers inland from the coastline of Somerset Island, in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. It is to be kept in regular contact with site personnel and interviewed regularly by the on-site psychologist. To facilitate this, SCP-828-1 has been granted limited mobility. It is to be surveilled via a GPS-enabled ankle monitoring system. If SCP-828-1 approaches within 5 kilometers of the ocean it is to be intercepted by onsite security personnel and returned to containment. Following review by the Site Director, SCP-828-1 may be placed in restrictive housing. SCP-828-1 is not to come in contact with any prepubescent human subjects. If this occurs, SCP-828-1 will be mandatorily placed in restrictive housing and an independent investigation of Foundation personnel will follow.1 SCP-828-1 is to be fed with fish or small whales native to the region2. Only while in a controlled, experimental environment may SCP-828-1 come in contact with SCP-828-2.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-829 is to be stored in a secured room at Sector-19, in a standard nail polish bottle that is kept locked in a transparent Level-2 Security container. This room must be guarded by at least two Level-2 Security personnel at all times. Security personnel and a spare bottle will accompany SCP-829 whenever it is removed from its containment room.
Special Containment Procedures: The location of SCP-830, designated Site-██, is to be barred from access to the public. At no time are non-Foundation personnel permitted on-site without the express orders of Level 3 personnel or higher. No personnel are to come into physical contact with SCP-830 at any time. To heighten Site-██ morale, anyone communicating with SCP-830 is to have a safety line and a designated marksman on hand to terminate the communicator in case of incident. No further constructions directly above or around SCP-830 are to be attempted, after the collapse of a catwalk (Incident 830-13B) resulted in the loss of sixteen site personnel, including one Level 3 touring the facility.
Special Containment Procedures: Colonies of SCP-831 are to be contained in an observation chamber with ceiling, walls and floor having Vickers hardness of at least 1000 kg/mm sq. The containment chamber is to be regularly inspected; any damage - even a scratch on the floor - is to be reported in accordance with Procedure 831-C. Nutrients introduced into chamber are to be poured on the floor and not contained in any kind of vessel. Personnel entering chamber for any reason are to be equipped with Class-T armor, and subject to thorough inspection before and after entry to ensure that no foreign objects are introduced into the chamber nor are any specimens of SCP-831 inadvertently removed from the chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-832 is to be contained in an electronically locked safe that is 0.25 m x 0.25 m x 0.25 m in size. The safe is to be placed in a room that is monitored by CCTV at all times. Level 3 clearance or higher is required to access the safe, and all activity is logged. Any personnel handling SCP-832 must either do so remotely or wear gloves to avoid direct contact if they are not actively experimenting with it, and any loose change on their person will be confiscated prior to entering containment. If SCP-832 breaches containment in any way, any personnel found handling US half dollars in Site 19 will be referred to security and held there until it can be determined that he/she is not handling SCP-832. Due to this, personnel are discouraged from using US half dollars in their transactions at Site 19.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-833 is to be contained in Site 21 following standard Class 2 bio-hazard procedures. As a precautionary measure, Site 21 does not have a cafeteria, and all personnel located at Site 21 are to eat only the meals delivered from Site 19. Employees of Level 1 or higher may request additional or alternative rations via the facilities director.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-834 is to be kept in a basic containment locker at Site 31. SCP-834 has been moved into an unnamed safe containment locker by order of O5-13. SCP-834 is to remain locked in containment locker Alpha-12. When being tested, D-class upon which SCP-834 is used are to be kept in a standard containment cell for the duration of testing, and are exempt from monthly terminations until effects can be ascertained.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-835 is to be monitored and checked daily for new growth. In the event SCP-835 becomes hostile, Suppression Tactic A-A6 is to be immediately implemented until aggressive action ceases. Containment area must be maintained in open ocean, due to the highly aggressive response of SCP-835 to confinement for any length of time.
Special Containment Procedures: Live samples of SCP-836 should be stored on glass in a two-layer CFRP casing filled with air with specific humidity not exceeding 5%. The inner casing should be periodically checked for signs of excessive thinning and/or damage, replacing panels if necessary. Damaged panels are to be sterilized by heating them to a temperature exceeding 950 degrees Celsius over a course of five minutes; subsequently they can be treated as regular waste or used as substrate.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-837 is to be stored in its fully factored state when not undergoing experiments, with each factor stored in a separate plastic container. All experiments should be conducted in rooms with reinforced flooring.
Special Containment Procedures: To prevent SCP-838 from affecting civilians, Foundation agents are to be placed on the staff in charge of managing the classified ad section at major newspapers in the Chicago area. Alternatively, the cooperation of the newspaper may be obtained for similar purposes. No ads matching a form taken by SCP-838 are to be printed.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-839 are to be kept in containment chamber 839-1. The chamber is to be supplied with approximately half (1/2) of a kilogram of various plant matter daily. Mating of SCP-839 is to be regulated, and any extra instances of SCP-839 are to be kept in Foundation medical centers for treatment of ill individuals.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-840’s presence in ecosystems across the globe, SCP-840 cannot be fully contained. Outbreaks and potential outbreaks of SCP-840 are to be reported to either Dr. ████ or biological research overseers for immediate containment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-842 is housed at Site-19 in a standard 10 m x 10 m x 5 m containment cell. All telephone lines, radio transceivers, internet connections, and other communication equipment to aid in the use of SCP-842 must be routed through a central server administered by Site-19 security. Maintenance of equipment is to be done on a monthly basis, or upon request of administrator.
Special Containment Procedures: All 3 contained instances of SCP-843-1 are to be stored in their original packaging, within an airtight container. Should any unusual sounds be heard from within the container, D-class personnel armed with flamethrowers are to enter and cleanse the area. SCP-843-2 is to remain in an enclosed pen, with D-Class personnel entering every 12 hours to supply grain and water. Any instance of SCP-843-1 or SCP-843-2 in the wild are to be reported and destroyed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-844 is currently contained at Site ██. SCP-844 is to be contained in a well-lit chamber measuring 6m x 6m and provided with one (1) bovine each month in accordance with Nutrition Chart 844-1. Each month, SCP-844 is to be reduced in size by two (2) D-class personnel using shears.
Special Containment Procedures: Specimens of SCP-845 are to be contained in a hermetically sealed chamber at least 4x6x3 meters in size with no more than 7 individual specimens kept in a single chamber at any given time. The bottom of each chamber should be covered to 15 centimeters with clay-rich soil save for a reservoir of fresh water, as well as a dispersal of sticks and logs. The chamber should be brightly lit during daylight hours and dimly lit at night. The reservoir should be continually stocked with small fish for feeding, as SCP-845 will not recognize non-living fish as food.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-846 is to be contained in a reinforced steel safe, located in Storage Unit █ at Site ██. SCP-846's containment area is to be guarded by three (3) security personnel at all times. Any unauthorized personnel attempting to access SCP-846 are to be taken into custody and interrogated by on-site security.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-847 is to be kept in a reinforced modified humanoid containment chamber. For the purpose of ongoing behavioral studies, the room is to be fully furnished with a bed, dresser, couch, table, chair, full-length mirror, sink, shower, and toilet. The floor of the chamber is to be constructed with 1-cm exposed beams of copper, which can be electrified remotely to a minimum 50 kV potential. A 50-cm squared "safe zone" at the rear right corner of the containment chamber is to remain free of copper beams in the case of personnel inside containment during disabling of SCP-847. No meals are to be provided.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-848 is contained in a 10 m x 10 m x 5 m isolation chamber, which is to contain several non-organic structures that may be used by SCP-848-1 specimens to construct SCP-848-2. SCP-848-1 specimens usually do not need to be fed, but if they are unable to feed for periods lasting greater than 2 weeks or begin to exhibit signs of malnutrition, harmless insects may be introduced to SCP-848's containment as food.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-849 is currently contained in Storage Unit ██, located at Site ██. SCP-849 is to be kept in a sealed chamber measuring 5m x 5m, which is to be guarded by two (2) security personnel at all times. SCP-849 is to be checked for leaks every three (3) days.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-850 is not dangerous unless threatened. However, as it reacts to containment as a threat, measures must be taken to ensure that it does not know that it is contained. SCP-850 must be kept in a large habitat maintained in [REDACTED] ocean. The boundaries of this habitat are to be marked and enforced by concrete walls several feet in thickness designed to appear as a reef.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-851 is to be kept in a 5 m x 5m x 2m biotic simulation chamber, placed upon several hydraulics to allow movement of the chamber. The floor of the containment chamber is to be covered in soil 0.5m in height. Every thirty days the chamber is to be shifted until the soil collapses into its natural state. Every twenty hours SCP-851 is to be fed one live cow.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-852 is presently housed in an underground hangar at Site-██. Artifact is not permitted to leave containment without O5 approval. Testing of components requires level four oversight and one unit of Task Force Sigma-6 to be on hand.
Special Containment Procedures: In order to prevent breaking SCP-853, individual instances are to be separately packed in padded boxes measuring no smaller than 25cm x 25cm x 40cm. Except when being studied, all instances are stored in Secure Containment Locker 37 at Meteorological Research Station 21. If access is required, consult Dr. B████ for the combination. Caution is advised when testing SCP-853, due to the lack of specificity of the labeling (see After-Action Report 853-Iota)
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-854 is contained on US Bureau of Land Management property in ████████ state. Roads and trails leading to the site have been closed for “maintenance” and rendered impassable, while cameras monitor the site and all approaches to it. Supervising personnel are authorized to use any nonlethal means to deter trespassers.
Special Containment Procedures: Four (4) members of security are to be present outside SCP-855's location at all times. No staff are to enter SCP-855 during "Horror", "Surreal", "Action", "Science Fiction" or "Disaster" phases. Any entities attempting to leave SCP-855 during the "Horror" phase are to be dispatched by security staff.
Special Containment Procedures: The affected length of the █████████ River is bounded with four kilometers of chain link fencing, three meters in height and topped with razor-wire. The fence lines both banks and connects across the river at both ends of the containment area. Signs are posted every fifty meters in Arabic and English, warning of a chemical spill contaminating the river. Two armed guards are sent twice daily to patrol both banks of the containment area in a standard Foundation off-road vehicle. The vehicle is equipped with a .50 caliber rear-mounted machine gun for use in the event of a containment breach.
Special Containment Procedures: The area designated SCP-857 is to be surrounded by electrified fences measuring two (2) meters in height. Any civilians attempting to enter SCP-857 are to be brought into custody and interrogated. After interrogation, intruders are to be dosed with a Class-A amnestic.
Special Containment Procedures: Three samples of contaminated precipitation are to be maintained within a storage locker in the Infectious Wing of Research Site-██. Reports of "cloud iridescence" are to be tracked until the likely area of precipitation can be identified and evacuated. Cover stories involving tornado activity are to be prepared and distributed afterwards, with area cleanup to consist of evaporation of contaminated water via heat lamp.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-859 is stored in a locked container, which is stored in a secure containment chamber at Site ██. SCP-859 must not be removed from its container except with express permission from Level 4 personnel, and experimentation on SCP-859 must only be performed with Class D personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-860 is to be contained in a small wooden box in a vault at Sector-██. By itself, the object is inert, and no further containment procedures are needed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-861 is contained at Sector-135-861, which is located 370m southwest of the main site. All personnel assigned to Sector-135-861 must be cleared by Protocol-Narthex-861 prior to transfer. This entails a score of 83 or above on the Foundation Standard Compliance Examination (SCE-V.4) and a passing score on two additional personality examinations devised by Dr. ████ Chancey. No personnel, regardless of security clearance, are to be allowed onsite without Narthex approval. At least one personnel with Narthex approval must remain onsite and within 50m of SCP-861 at all times, barring Choir Events. No D-Class personnel are allowed onsite barring those for approved SCP-861-A testing.
Special Containment Procedures: A 6m x 6m bunker has been constructed around SCP-862 in order to prevent escape or sightings of SCP-862-1. The interior of the bunker is to be monitored by researchers via cameras placed inside the bunker outside of SCP-862's sphere of influence.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-863-1 is to be contained in a 2m x 2m enclosure and provided with nutrition as detailed in Nutritional Chart 863-1-1. Due to its low risk of breaching containment, SCP-863-1 is to be kept under guard by one (1) member of security. In the event of limb loss, SCP-863-1 is to be provided with a replacement from a similarly proportioned crab.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-864 is to be held in a standard containment chamber, located in Site-77's Euclid SCP wing. This chamber is to be kept devoid of any moisture, and inspected once a day to check the seal. During testing, no personnel are to enter the testing area. In the event that articles of clothing manifest, they are to be stored as non-anomalous artifacts.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-865 is to be kept, unloaded, in a locked firearms safe in the secure archive room at Site 73. SCP-865 is to be equipped with a trigger lock when not being tested and is to be marked with a tag indicating that it is non-functional and is not to be deployed in case of emergency.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-866 is to be contained in situ in the HPC Center of the ████████ University in ████████, ██████. Floor ██ containing SCP-866 is to be permanently sealed off to all but authorized SCP personnel. At least two SCP personnel should monitor the diesel backup generators at all times as a complete power failure could lead to unquantifiable loss of personnel and civilian casualties, unquantifiable loss of equipment, complete loss of acquired experimental data and in the worst case [DATA EXPUNGED]. Access to the input terminals is allowed only with permission of Level 4 Staff. At least two guards should be stationed in the room of SCP-866 and prevent any individual from entering SCP-866 beyond the input terminals. Unauthorized attempts of access should be logged, but due to the location of containment extreme measures should be avoided if possible.
Special Containment Procedures: Specimens of SCP-867 are kept in Section E of Bio-Containment Site-██. Regular maintenance on SCP-867 is only to be performed using remote rovers and automated irrigation systems, and personnel entering the containment area for any reason must wear full-body NBC protection with a Kevlar underlayer. Any personnel exiting SCP-867's containment area must undergo a full herbicidal treatment and inspection, and any personnel found with possible puncture marks must be placed under quarantine for a minimum of fifteen (15) days.
Special Containment Procedures: Two D-Class Personnel infected with SCP-868 are to be maintained in a soundproof humanoid containment cell supervised by at least one armed guard. Personnel wishing to experiment with SCP-868 must submit to an interrogation and background check to confirm their loyalty to the Foundation and its methods.
Special Containment Procedures: The facility housing SCP-869 is to be owned and operated by Supertastic Carnival Promotions, a Foundation front company, and is to remain in operation and open to the public for its intended purpose. A secondary service bridge is to be built to replace SCP-869. SCP-869 is to remain closed to park staff and the public. Both ends of SCP-869 are to be monitored by Foundation personnel operating as park security officers for the purpose of preventing unauthorized access.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-870 is to be contained in a sealed chamber measuring 8 m x 8 m. Motion sensors are to be placed in the containment area and movements of SCP-870 are to be monitored at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Each recurrence of SCP-871 is to be maintained within a separate, locked concrete cell on a metal platter permanently affixed to the surface of an immovable wooden table. Each cell housing a recurrence of SCP-871 is to be monitored on a 24-hour basis via closed-circuit camera, with individual feeds checked every 15 minutes.
Special Containment Procedures: When not under controlled observation, SCP-872 is to be kept in cold storage at Sector-██. SCP-872 is to be kept two (2) kilometers from any concentrated group of animals considered livestock at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-873 is kept in a secure room at Site-19. (Revised see: Containment Procedure Updates) Three wide-spectrum high-definition cameras shall be mounted in order to maintain 360-degree observation of SCP-873 on a continual basis. Recorded video data shall be archived in the Foundation’s secure network and access granted to any researcher with a clearance 2 or better upon request. Physical examination and testing of SCP-873 is permitted with written approval from Level 3 or above. (Revised see: Containment Procedure Updates)
Special Containment Procedures: While not undergoing experimentation, SCP-874 is to be kept in a container such that no horizontal volume of the substance is shallower than 5 cm. The fluid must be in constant motion, such as being stirred. With the Foundation's current supply of SCP-874, this is to be a cylindrical steel vat of radius seven meters and height 10 meters. While SCP-874 is under study, no non-Class D personnel are to be within five meters of the liquid. Any lab in which SCP-874 is studied should be equipped with a winch system of no less than ████ horsepower and with steel rope of 5 (five) cm thickness. All personnel who have been immersed in SCP-874 in its active state should be terminated after study.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-875 is to be marked on all maps as a military base, and all satellite images taken of the area are to be altered according to Procedure Watson-24. Any civilians approaching SCP-875 are to be brought into Foundation custody and dosed with a Class-A amnestic. After dosage, civilians are to be returned to the nearest city to SCP-875, █████.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-876-1 through SCP-876-83, excluding SCP-876-43 and SCP-876-61, (known collectively as Group A) are to be kept in a standard large storage container, with two locks. Access to one key is enabled by Level 2 and higher personnel. The second is only available to Level 3 or higher personnel to prevent accidental abuse.
Special Containment Procedures: Revised ██/██/20██. Due to the successful capture of SCP-879, it is to be stored in a reinforced aquatic specimen tank measuring 30 x 20 x 10 meters on Site-██. SCP-879 is to be kept in a chemically-induced coma via intravenous injection. It requires no nutrients outside of bi-weekly hydrogen sulfide injections.
Special Containment Procedures: A perimeter has been established 5 kilometres from the edge of SCP-880, and non-authorized personnel entering this area are to be detained, questioned, and issued Class-A amnestics. Several observation outposts have been constructed in the surrounding area to provide overwatch and to alert perimeter patrols should civilians be approaching. Due to the domicile nature of the effect surrounding SCP-880, the airspace within an 8 kilometre radius has been declared unsafe for flying, with corresponding cover plan ██████-███.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-881 are stored in Daleth Basement of Site-35. Daleth Basement's air and water filters must be checked and cleaned weekly, as well as after any research extraction or insertion. SCP-881 instances grow their own food provided the artificial sunlight is continually functioning.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-882 is to be kept in a fluid environment at all times, consisting of no less than 40% seawater. Object is to be kept suspended by non-metallic means, currently cotton fiber line that is to be changed daily. Object is also to be checked daily for any signs of rust flaking. If any part of SCP-882 appears uncoated with rust, it must immediately be immersed in a 100% seawater solution. Water must be taken directly from the ocean. Reduce concentration only when the object is again coated in rust.
Special Containment Procedures: Access to SCP-883 is limited to Level 2 and over personnel who have been confirmed not to possess allergies to bee stings. All personnel entering the SCP-883 apiary must wear standard beekeeper gloves and hooded suit. All personnel entering SCP-883 itself must be equipped with a safety line attached to one of the metal rods on the northern wall of the apiary. No personnel may venture more than 2 kilometers into SCP-883 without authorization from two level-4 personnel. All personnel planning on venturing more than 2 kilometers into SCP-883 are also required to do so in groups of two or more. Do not remove bee or honey specimens from the apiary without prior authorization from Dr. ██████.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-885 is contained within a welded steel container in Storage Area ██-██. The storage area must be kept at negative pressure at all times to reduce possibility of escape. Air movement within the storage area is to be monitored at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-886-A-alpha and SCP-886-A-03 are to be kept in dedicated humanoid containment suites at Bio-Site 66 and allowed nutritious rations three times daily.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-887 may be kept in standard quarters. Personnel must take care he feeds himself and uses the facilities at regular intervals, as he'll frequently forget to do so (Full feeding, cleaning and exercise schedule annexed). SCP-887 must have writing materials available to him at all times, to avoid unnecessary confrontations and ensure continual research. Used paper should be sent to analysis at least biweekly.
Special Containment Procedures: A library located in ████, Italy, is partly built of blocks of SCP-888 in its 'full' state. The portions of the building constructed of SCP-888 are designated as "rare-book" storage; only three senior librarians have access, and two of these are on the SCP payroll. The third librarian is aware of the room's true purpose, but is a representative of and liason to ███ ███████. A second sample, of 'empty' SCP-888 remains in the vault beneath the library, where it was originally discovered. Access to this vault has been rerouted through the "rare-book" room, and all other passageways to it have been sealed with reinforced concrete. At this time, no additional containment measures are deemed necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-889 has been completely sealed with concrete, save for a single airlock entrance for research purposes. The building is surrounded with a standard security fence and written warnings, under the cover of a government medical research facility. For the next one (1) year, a mobile task force is to take bi-monthly sweeps of the surrounding countryside. Any pre-containment products of SCP-889 are to be neutralized and/or captured and brought to Bio-Research Area 32. Local rumors or sightings concerning strange animals are to be pursued with utmost diligence.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-890 is currently housed at Site-17. SCP-890 is to be kept in a 5 x 6 meter cell furnished with a bed, a nightstand, two (2) bookcases complete with medical textbooks and a writing desk, all of which were originally furnished by the subject. Subject is disallowed from contact with any mechanical, artificial, or otherwise non-living SCPs, as well as any Foundation equipment, under any circumstances, except during approved surgical procedures. Any observation of SCP-890 must be done in person and any notes taken must be on paper.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-891 is to be surrounded by a one-half kilometer buffer zone, purchased by the Foundation under the guise of a peach farm. Foundation agents are to deter any civilians from entering SCP-891. A ten meter fence is to surround SCP-891 in order to prevent unauthorized entry. Intruders discovered within the grounds of SCP-891 are to be apprehended, administered Class A amnestics, and released. Planting vegetation of any kind in SCP-891 requires the permission of Level 4 personnel. Apple trees are never to be planted in SCP-891; all animals that carry the potential to deposit apple seeds via fecal matter in SCP-891 are to be deterred from entering SCP-891. Any vegetation that sprouts in SCP-891 as a result of seed deposition by wind, bird, or other natural causes is to be immediately incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-892 is to be contained within maximum security vault ████-██-████ located ████ meters beneath Site ██. All O5 personnel are to be issued a magnetic Access Key coupled with an individual Passcode. A minimum of three (3) O5 Overseer personnel Access Keys and corresponding Passcodes are required to begin a 48 hour unlock sequence to grant access to SCP-892. Should all thirteen O5 Overseer personnel Access Keys and corresponding Passcodes be entered simultaneously, vault will unlock immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-893 may freely roam the facility under the supervision of site personnel. Pre-existing instances of SCP-893-X are housed in nurseries at Site-17. Any new instances of SCP-893-X are to be placed into Foundation custody immediately terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: All copies of SCP-894-1 and SCP-894-2 are available for researcher use. Copies of SCP-894-3 require permission by a member of Senior Staff. When not checked out, copies of SCP-894-1 and SCP-894-2 are to be stored in SCP containment locker 12 at Site 19. Copies of SCP-894-3 are to be stored in containment locker 47. There are to be only two keys to locker 47, one for the Site Director and one for the most senior researcher on site. Both key holders must be present in order for locker 47 to be opened. Only Level 4 researchers are allowed access to SCP-894-3.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-895 is sealed, closed and stored in an isolated underground containment cell at a depth of approximately 100 meters. No cameras, microphones, or other surveillance equipment may be brought within the 10 meter "Red Zone" radius of SCP-895 without express permission from at least two (2) Level 3 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Physical containment of SCP-896 is impossible due to widespread public knowledge. However, the anomalous properties of SCP-896 have been largely neutralized through Foundation efforts and the cooperation of ████ █████, the publishing and hosting company of SCP-896.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-897 is allowed full access to all Level 0 regions of the facility. It may not engage in any activities that have the potential to be physically harmful in any way (directly or indirectly), and is required to undergo a comprehensive medical exam daily. If SCP-897 is found to be at risk of any kind of organ failure, it is to be confined to a cell and provided with a D-class personnel in order to restore itself.
Special Containment Procedures: Information pertaining to the creation and application of SCP-898 is restricted to Foundation personnel with level 3 clearance or higher. Experimentation with SCP-898 may only be conducted with the approval of a majority of the Overseer council.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-899 is contained in a rough patch of forest in Rocky Mountain National Park. The SCP-899 phenomena has not been able to travel more than than five meters beyond a standing, living tree, thus the area has been isolated by creating a continuous fire-break around the affected region. Three park service cabins are staffed by Foundation agents on the borders of the site for the purposes of preventing hikers and travelers from attempting to enter SCP-899. Agents are authorized to administer Class B and C amnestics to any trespassers. Children who enter SCP-899 cannot be recovered, and containment must be maintained by removing those who have knowledge of the child's last whereabouts or by planting false evidence of death by natural causes elsewhere in the region.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-78 encompasses the entirety of the areas of SCP-900 that have not been submerged. The perimeter is to be surrounded by electric fencing. Two snipers are to be stationed at each guard tower during daylight hours, with four during nighttime hours. SCP-900-1's quarters near the River Gate are to be guarded by 2 armed agents at all times. Personnel are authorized to administer Class C amnestics to any and all trespassers. Trespassers are to be taken to the police station in [REDACTED].
Special Containment Procedures: The location and nature of SCP-901 poses difficulties for containment. All doors, windows and any other features which may appear to an observer to be possible entrances to SCP-901 are to be sealed. SCP-901 is to be surrounded by a 4.5m chain-link fence topped with razor wire and wooden construction hoardings on the outer perimeter of the fence to give the appearance of a defunct facility. Two Foundation agents in local ████████ police uniform are to be positioned at the entrance to SCP-901 at all times, with four more agents in plain clothes discreetly patrolling the perimeter of SCP-901. Under no circumstances should personnel enter SCP-901 except during controlled testing conditions.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-902 has been relegated to Arctic Base Theta-12, the only SCP to be contained at this site. The site is to be staffed by a team of fifty security personnel. At this time, no research is to be done on SCP-902. Knowledge of SCP-902 beyond its number is to be limited to level three staff and lower. It is imperative that only a limited number of Senior Staff know of the existence of SCP-902. Only one O5 is allowed to know about SCP-902 at any time. In the event of a security breach from inside Arctic Base Theta-12, the onsite hydrogen bomb is to be detonated remotely. SCP-902 must be guarded at all times against premature destruction.
Special Containment Procedures: Access to either side of SCP-903 is to be restricted to authorized research personnel only. The entrances must be sealed and kept under surveillance at all times. During testing, under no circumstances are personnel to enter SCP-903 or attempt to cross it. Any persons attempting unauthorized entry will be subject to lethal force. Any test subject or item that has passed through or emerges from SCP-903 must be immediately destroyed once testing is concluded.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-904 should be inscribed on an ordinary sheet of typing paper when not in active observation or study. This paper should be secured in a secure locked non-combination vault and stored out of range of any recording devices. SCP-904 should only be handled or directly viewed by class-D personnel without backgrounds in literature, writing, or art. Any personnel viewing SCP-904 experiencing hallucinations or suicidal thoughts should be removed immediately from the situation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-905 is to be contained in a six (6) m x six (6) m x three (3) m containment cell, painted matte black. This cell is to be devoid of any mirrors or windows. Two LED arrays are to be installed in cells housing SCP-905. Every four hours, SCP-905 is to be fed for twenty (20) minutes.
Special Containment Procedures: Subject is to be contained in a three (3) by three (3) meters squared, fully airtight, twelve (12) centimetre thick titanium enclosure surrounded by acid-resistant glass. Temperature must be kept under 5 degrees Celsius. Should temperature exceed this limit, all personnel are to be evacuated to a distance of at least one hundred (100) meters. Immediate area containing enclosure will then be locked down until temperature has been lowered. Holding cell is to be maintained on a bi-weekly basis and checked for sufficient corrosion or gaps. Any damage to holding cell is to be repaired immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-907 is to be kept under standard surveillance within Garage 3 of Site 54. The key to activate SCP-907 is to be kept in a sealed locker under the possession of the local security director, and may only be requisitioned by Level 3 personnel for purposes of testing SCP-907.
Special Containment Procedures: The vicinity of each location of SCP-908 is to be patrolled by a marine vessel crewed and equipped in accordance with the specifications in Document 908.2321.AE4C. Audio and video monitoring equipment are to be placed on the islet and repaired or replaced as necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-909 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell. No writing materials are to be allowed inside the cell. A short summary of SCP-909's current situation is to be pasted on the wall beside the bed. Extras are to be provided if the previous summary is removed by SCP-909. SCP-909 is to be fed three times daily with any peanut-free meal. If SCP-909 is seen attempting to write or draw, he is to be incapacitated through non-lethal means.
Special Containment Procedures: One instance of SCP-910 is to be stored within Site-01's Critical Information Storage Unit. Personnel with Level-4 Clearance and access to Project PEARBLOSSOM-11 may request supervised viewings of the CISU-held copy of SCP-910.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-911 is to be stored in a locked High-Value-Item Containment Box. It is not to be handled with bare skin unless being used in an experiment. Researchers are warned to take extreme caution when dealing with subjects created by SCP-911, due to the possibility of contamination by [DATA EXPUNGED]. See Addendum 911-2 (below).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-912 is to be kept at Research Unit ██ in a standard containment cell. The cell door must have a damage resistance rating of 3A or above. Direct physical handling of SCP-912 causes a potentially dangerous reaction and should be avoided except as part of an authorized testing protocol.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-913 is to be contained in a customized humanoid containment cell lined with one (1) meter thick carbon steel. SCP-913 is to be provided with standard humanoid furnishings, with prerecorded entertainment materials provided on request. Access to the cell may be conducted through a reinforced carbon steel door.
Special Containment Procedures: Only personnel who submit a formal request and receive approval from site command may operate 914. SCP-914 is to be kept in research cell 109-B with two guard personnel on duty at all times. Any researchers entering 109-B are to be accompanied by at least one guard for the entirety of testing. A full list of tests to be carried out must be given to all guard personnel on duty; any deviation from this list will result in termination of testing, forcible removal of personnel from 109-B, and formal discipline at site command’s discretion.
Special Containment Procedures: All explorations of the interior of 915 must be documented, with a complete manifest of all personnel and equipment to be taken into 915.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-916 is to be kept in a locked, soundproofed kennel of appropriate size for a dog of its breed. It is to be fed a species-appropriate meal twice per day and its kennel is to be cleaned regularly. Personnel should attempt to provide stimulation to SCP-916 through the provision of a companion dog in its containment area and/or regular exercise in a larger containment area. While this is not mandatory, insufficient stimulation has previously resulted in physical illness for SCP-916. Personnel in contact with SCP-916 are advised to wear noise-canceling devices to avoid unnecessary contact with SCP-916-1. Should SCP-916 unexpectedly enter its active state, it may be safely transported to and locked in its kennel. Test subjects should be checked for any potential implements of self-harm before testing, and guard personnel are to maintain at least one non-lethal means of subduing test subjects.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-917 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell. Music and literature may be made available on request.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-918 is to be marked on all maps as an artillery range and satellite images of the area are to be altered to corroborate with this cover story.
Special Containment Procedures: [REVISED] as of ██/██/████ due to [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-919 is to be kept in a locked storage room with no windows and two armed guards at all times. All personnel to interact with SCP-919 must pass a psychological evaluation.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Iota-1 ("Mister Hunters") are currently tracking SCP-920's movements. Currently SCP-920's movements are being followed by satellite observation. Tracking of SCP-920 by land or air has been discontinued. Suggestions on efficient containment of SCP-920 may be submitted to Dr. █████████.
Special Containment Procedures: Research Site-346 has been constructed inside SCP-921. Signs indicating volcano and earthquake hazards are to be posted around SCP-921's containment area, in order to discourage civilian visitation. Foundation agents are to be disguised as members of the Armenite State Forest Service, and are to ensure the area is vacant at all times. Interaction with instances of SCP-921-1 is permitted to all personnel who passed the general authorization process for the Site, while direct interaction with SCP-921-2 requires authorization from Site Director Dr. Siril.
Special Containment Procedures: None. SCP-923 is currently in orbit at an altitude of ███ km. This, combined with its automated defenses, makes retrieval impossible. SCP-923 reports that it has no control over its defense mechanisms. As such, it cannot be contained in the traditional sense.
Special Containment Procedures: All specimens of SCP-924 are to be kept in separate 7 m x 7 m x 7 m saltwater tanks within Site 46. The water is to be kept at a steady temperature of 1.6ºC (35ºF). All observation points are to be constructed of reinforced glass. If a tank must be entered for reasons of experimentation or cleaning, the water is to be heated to a temperature of 7ºC (44.6ºF). Entering tanks outside of these conditions is prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: Specimens of SCP-925 are to be kept in individual standard 5 meter by 5 meter steel cells. Twice a day, 285g of various fungi are to be pushed through a door slot and into the cell using the provided pole.
Special Containment Procedures: When not in use, SCP-926 is to be unstrung and stored in the temperature- and humidity-controlled case constructed for that purpose, and locked in Research Chamber 5688-A. Only personnel who submit a formal request and receive approval from site command may operate SCP-926. Before research access to SCP-926 is permitted, counterpart personnel at Site 366 in Xi'an, China are to be alerted. Testing of SCP-926 is suspended pending confirmation of the excavation and recovery of all responsive statues. See test log below.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-928 is kept in a glass viewing case situated at the far end of a 3m x 5m containment room at Site 80. The case can be unlocked by the concurrent use of two keys. These keys are currently held by Researcher Short and Researcher Kaplan. At least two personnel must be present at all times when SCP-928 is being interacted with.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-929 is currently kept in the form of a Common Blackbird chick. SCP-929 is to be kept in a sealed glass chamber measuring 4m x 4m. This chamber is to contain both SCP-929 and the 'parent' organisms. SCP-929 is to be fed daily according to Nutrition Chart 929-1. (See Incident 929-1)
Special Containment Procedures: An island several kilometres south has been substituted as the original island for the purposes of regional documentation. Maps or works which record otherwise are to be confiscated and destroyed, or modified to remove SCP-930's existence. Security stations have been established on █ nearby islands to observe passing vessels. Should any ship approach within 1.25 km of SCP-930, it is to be intercepted and the crew detained, pending issue of class-A amnestics. Should SCP-930-1, [REDACTED] flee from SCP-930, SCPS Guardian is authorized to commence long-range incendiary bombardment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-932-01 through -06-08 are to be kept in a 15 m x 15 m room with observational windows, furnished with a speaker and a bed with straps. During an observation, experimentation or interaction session, the speaker is to play a tone of 510 Hz at 100 dB (rated as 'loud') to enable visibility of SCP-932. Noise-cancelling headphones are available to participating staff on request to facilitate communication.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-933-02 and all affected subjects must be stored in a modified standard artifact containment unit that contains no electronic components. All personnel guarding SCP-933-02 and affected subjects must be equipped with standard assault rifles, a high-caliber sidearm, class 3 magnesium flares with an active duration of no less than 20 minutes, and protective goggles.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment Area 934-1 has been established in a 5 km radius around SCP-934, under the cover of supposed chemical contamination. Armed, undercover guards must be on station around the perimeter at all times, and any civilians attempting to enter the area or gain access to SCP-934 must be detained and questioned.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-935 is kept within a standard containment chamber, located in Site 19. It is to be monitored at all times, and in the event of a demanifestation agents are to begin monitoring all subjects known to carry Genetic Marker Bowe-1A. Genetic testing is to be done on all personnel applying for positions in the Foundation, and those who test positive for Genetic Marker Bowe-1A are to be placed under supervision by Foundation agents. If SCP-935 de-materializes, agents are instructed first to begin surveillance of all subjects carrying Genetic Marker Bowe-1A. Agents will be briefed on how to identify these individuals prior to being assigned to SCP-935's containment. When SCP-935 reappears, it is to be retrieved and returned to containment, with containment procedures being updated.
Special Containment Procedures: Specimens of SCP-936 are to be kept on the grounds of Bio Research Site-104, enclosed by a fence to prevent unauthorised access, and watered daily. Approximately once a month, the plantation is to be screened for any SCP-936-1 by two (2) D-Class personnel of adequate physical ability and SCP-936-1 are to be harvested according to site plan.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-937 specimens are to remain at Site-92, located at [REDACTED] in Melanesia. Site-92 is listed by its host government as a UNESCO World Heritage Site and is off limits for all but selected personnel, all of whom are Foundation researchers and security staff. SCP-937 hives in the wild are to be quarantined and incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-938 is to be contained within Capacitor Bank Zero at Bio-Containment and Research Site-06 Bio-Containment and Research Site-07. This bank is to consist of 427,500 EPCOS B4345 capacitors, maintained within Storage Warehouse Zero. Storage Warehouse Zero should be constructed of unreinforced high-strength concrete, its interior walls, floor, and ceiling lined with 5cm of insulating PVC. The structure must be devoid of electrical wiring and systems; lighting should be provided by fiber-optic cables routed underground from adjacent structures. Neither the fiber-optic cables nor their cladding may be electrically conductive. Storage Warehouse Zero should be a minimum of fifty (50) meters from adjacent structures.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-939-1, -3, -19, -53, -89, -96, -98, -99, and -109 are kept in Cell 1163-A or 1163-B, 10 m x 10 m x 3 m containment chambers within Armed Bio-Containment Area-14. Both cells are environmentally regulated and negatively pressurized, with walls constructed of reinforced concrete. Access to these cells is regulated by an outer decontamination chamber and inner gas-tight steel security doors. Observation windows are constructed of laminated ballistics glass 10 cm in thickness protected by a 100kV electrified mesh. Humidity is maintained at 100% at a temperature of 16° C. Specimens are monitored at all times via infrared cameras. Level Four authorization is required to access SCP-939, their containment areas, or the observation chambers.
Special Containment Procedures: All known samples of SCP-940 larva are currently in containment. Systematic purging of SCP-940 adult samples from civilians is currently (as of ██/██/████) being spearheaded by a combination of Area-14 Research personnel and Mobile Task Force Omicron-7 ("Orkin"). Samples of Foundation strengthened █████-█-████████ (see documentation regarding 'Agent Blue') are in the process of being added to commercially available insecticides, which is expected to prevent any more 'wild' strains of SCP-940 from arising. All SCP-940 infectees are to be treated as Class 4 Biohazards, and are to be contained and transported under heavy sedation to Area-14, or otherwise terminated. Deceased bodies infected with any SCP-940 strain, regardless of developmental stage, are to be incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: All objects afflicted by SCP-941 are kept in a secure garage within the motor division of Site-77, disassembled to individual components when not being tested. A science team supervised by Assistant Director of Medicine Vayl has been assigned to investigate SCP-941 from an epidemiological and behavioralist perspective, with special attention paid to cases indicating potentially novel strains or actions taken by SCP-941 infected vehicles.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-942-2 is to be stored in a locked safe-deposit box at Site ██'s Low Risk Object Storage. Access is to be limited to experiments with prior written permission from the current SCP-942 lead researcher.1
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-943 is to be stored in a secure lockbox in a High Security Containment Vault, accessible only to Level 2 or higher personnel. For purposes of interrogation, Level 1 personnel may request access to SCP-943, but the request must be approved by Level 2 personnel, and the individual signing SCP-943 out must record a date, time, location of use, and appropriate protective measures taken to preserve SCP-943's integrity. Failure to do so will result in all personnel involved having their service records subject to immediate review and penalties of demotion or termination for those found negligent.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-944 is to be surrounded by a 3 m high opaque fence, both to prevent outside access and to allow experimentation unobserved by the public. SCP-944 is officially listed as a condemned building, and “Construction Area” signs are posted to explain the fenced-off area. Level 1 agents wearing ███ █████ Amusement Park security uniforms are to guard the area and prevent unauthorized access.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-945 is to remain sealed and locked inside a steel chest, in a 3m x 3m cell at Storage Site ██. The cell is under video surveillance and the walls are carved with deep, irregular patterns to hinder escape. Any staff who have had contact with SCP-945 or its creations must be registered with on-site security. The contents of SCP-945 should be counted and logged 24 hours after the monthly D-class termination, or after the death of any staff who have previously had contact with SCP-945 or any of its creations. SCP-945-1 is to be contained in a locked glass case separate from SCP-945. If SCP-945-1 is not found within its case the Site is to be immediately locked down for a security sweep.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-947 is stored on a textfile in a USB drive. This drive is currently stored in a secure locker in the Site-42 Digital Armory. Junior Researcher Gautam Ramesh is currently working with Mobile Task Force Upsilon-4 ("Sugar Pill") to develop a countermemetic agent for SCP-947.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-948 is contained within Area-IE05. No extra precautions are required for the area beyond standard secrecy and amnestic procedures for a Foundation teaching and research centre within a civilian campus.
Special Containment Procedures: The area in which SCP-949 manifests itself is to be surrounded by two (2) meter tall electrical fencing. The perimeter of the containment area is to be patrolled by guards at all times, operating in groups of four (4). Due to the size of SCP-949, use of vehicles is authorized during security patrol.
Special Containment Procedures: A copy of SCP-951-1 is to be kept in a standard containment locker and to be used only for testing. Extensive information suppression of SCP-951 is not necessary; however, websites concerning video game glitches or bugs are to be regularly monitored for descriptions of SCP-951, and any individuals discussing SCP-951 are to be made to believe that SCP-951 is a regular, non-anomalous glitch. Individuals further perpetuating SCP-951's anomalous nature are to be located and given a Class-A amnestic and their copy of SCP-951-1 replaced with a confirmed non-affected cartridge. In addition, Foundation-sponsored ROM image files of non-anomalous copies of SCP-951-1 are to be distributed to avoid accidental upload of affected cartridges and minimize exposure to SCP-951.
Special Containment Procedures: Musical projects under the effects of SCP-952 are to be terminated by any means possible, and any physical media storing recordings of SCP-952-influenced music are to be copied onto a Standardized Type-C antimemetic storage device, then destroyed. Venues that have hosted SCP-952-infected musicians are to be closed until such a point when it can be confirmed that none of the staff are affected.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-953 is to be kept in a Type 4 containment cell (4 m x 3 m x 3 m) at the end of Hallway 99 at Site-17. Subject is to be provided the following:
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-954 are to be contained in Bio-Habitat 27 at Site ██. Bio-Habitat 27 is to be covered in a soundproof material, on the interior and exterior to prevent sound leakage from the containment chamber. Testing with SCP-954 requires level 2 clearance, with an experiment procedure delivered to the director of Study for SCP-954, currently Doctor ███████.
Special Containment Procedures: Specimens of SCP-955 are to be contained in an outdoor steel screen kennel with a ceiling and a concrete floor that provides for sufficient drainage. The screen mesh should be sufficient to contain juvenile specimens, and the screen should be coated with anticorrosives and regularly inspected for damage. Each kennel shall be of sufficient size to allow the specimens to exercise. It is recommended that each kennel contain a variety of durable rubber or plastic animal toys in order to reduce stress to the specimens. Specimens are to be nourished with 1 to 4 liters of fructose solution per day and are to have free access to clean, fresh water.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-956 is to be kept at the approximate center of a 18 by 18 by 4 meter concrete room at all times. The door is to be locked, with an armed guard posted to prevent unauthorized access. Entrance by research personnel into the room is only permitted once SCP-956 has entered a dormant state. Permission to bring a subject into the room must be cleared by O5 approval to decrease the occurrence of SCP-956-1 as well as [DATA REDACTED]. Unless for testing, individuals fulfilling SCP-956's activation requirement are not to be brought within 200 meters of SCP-956's containment area. Surveillance is to be maintained through security footage at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-957 is to be monitored via remote video surveillance set up within the location where it currently resides. Personnel are allowed to approach and interview the entity when given clearance by four (4) Level-3 or higher employees.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-958-A instances are to be contained in Storage Unit 11 at Site-██ in an inactive state. SCP-958-B instances are to be contained in Storage Unit 13 at Site-██ if neutralization is not feasible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-959 is to be sequestered in a 6 m x 8 m room at Site-██ with adequate furnishings and reading material for comfort within SCP guidelines. Only personnel who have passed psychological screening may interact with SCP-959. All personnel entering the room must obtain a copy of the photograph in the file tray next to the door as a reminder that what they are observing is, in fact, the phenomenon SCP-959 exhibits. This photo is to be placed back into the tray upon exiting.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-960 must be kept in a 10 cm-thick seamless, steel cubic container measuring 50 cm x 50 cm x 60 cm. Those conducting research upon it are to be the only ones given the codes that unlock its room and container. Any handling of SCP-960 is to be conducted while the researcher is wearing gloves or other protective equipment (except when it is being tested upon D-class or other subjects).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-961 is to be kept outdoors, in its storage container, or in a closed, empty room at Site 38 when not in use for testing. During daylight hours, SCP-961 must be kept in an area exposed to sunlight for as long as possible. Object is to remain under observation by camera at all times. If unusual movement of shadows on SCP-961's face is detected while in full sunlight, object is to be moved indoors and secured in an unoccupied room. SCP-961 is not to be kept in a region where full daylight is not present for at least thirteen (13) consecutive hours, though cloud cover or inclement weather does not seem to activate SCP-961's effect. As seasons change, SCP-961 may be relocated as per Protocol 961-Beta. The storage container discovered with SCP-961 appears to be effective in containing its effect via unknown means. Keeping the artifact in an empty, completely closed room is similarly effective; it is presumed that its effect continues to take place, unnoticed.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its immobility, SCP-962 is to be left in the valley in which it was found. A █ kilometer perimeter is to be set up around the object. Any civilians seeking to pass the perimeter are to be turned away under the premise that a nuclear waste containment site is within. Any persons not affiliated with the Foundation found within the area are to be interrogated and issued Class A amnestics. A no-fly zone is to be enforced for the same perimeter. To discourage growth of SCP-962's range, four live cattle and two tons of timber are to be airdropped near SCP-962 on a weekly basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-963-1 is to be given into the care of a current D level operative, as well as personnel classified as Dr. Bright's assistant. This assistant is to be chosen by O5-█ for loyalty to the Foundation, as well as psychological stability.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-964 is currently stored in a standard containment chamber at Site-45. Access to the object is prohibited for all personnel of Site-45 regardless of security level. In the event of a containment breach site security must evacuate all compromised sectors, contact Site-11, and await arrival of MTF teams tasked with object's recontainment. Site-45 staff that came in contact with SCP-964 must be processed according to protocol 964Δ6h. If number of affected personnel exceeds 20%, or protocol 964Δ6h cannot be enacted, SCP-964 must be relocated to another Site immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-965 is contained within a framed, ready-to-install window (henceforth referred to as SCP-965-1) composed of at least six (6) panes of clear glass (or similar material) measuring at least 15cm x 30cm. SCP-965-1 must in turn be kept within an environmentally controlled storage facility capable of withstanding significant seismic disturbances. SCP-965-1 should be inspected at least once per week to check for degradation of material. At all times, at least two (2) similar framed windows must be present and within separate chambers in additional padding and insulation, with no other window pane measuring greater than 14cm wide or 29 cm tall between them and the current SCP-965-1. The lighting within the chamber containing SCP-965 must be at a minimum of 130 candelas at any time personnel are within said chamber, except during research.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF Iota-1 "Dream Hunters" and MTF Iota-2 "Air Chasers" are to regularly be on the lookout for news about sudden, violent human deaths related to sleep deprivation, in order to find and neutralize remaining wild instances of SCP-966.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-967 is to be contained within a 12 (twelve)-meter-high electric fence (primary containment), surrounded by a 150 (one hundred and fifty)-meter-wide buffer zone of vegetation consisting of wildflowers, fruit trees, and mixed grasses, and monitored by no less than 60 (sixty) on-site personnel disguised as members of the Scrapyard Cleaning People environmental organization. Civilians are to be dissuaded from entry to the buffer zone by means of a "toxic waste bioremediation research" cover story.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-968 is kept in the center of large porcelain bowl with a steep curve. The bowl itself is made for transport, feeding, and removal of waste from SCP-968. It is lined with steel and braces designed to tip the bowl when needed. The bowl measures 7 meters across and 4 meters deep. While dormant, SCP-968 should be kept in an enclosed environment atmosphere at 3% humidity or less, between 30 and 35 degrees Celsius. To achieve a maximum state of submission, SCP-968 is to be "fed" between 50 and 80 kilograms of protein every 4 days.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-969 are to be kept in Containment Locker 19-969. All personnel are to be issued information annually on the appearance of SCP-969 instances. Personnel encountering an instance of SCP-969 are to retrieve it through preferably legal means.
Special Containment Procedures: All sites affected by SCP-970 are to be acquired by the Foundation, with a suitable cover established. Civilians attempting to enter the site are to be discouraged, preferably within the boundaries of local law; trespassers are to be administered a class-A amnestic.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-971 is to be kept in its labeled file folder and locked in file cabinet #26 in Site-19's file vault when not being used for testing. Keys to both the file vault and file cabinet #26 are held by onsite senior administrative members, and access to SCP-971 for testing is to be allowed only with explicit written permission from Level-4 personnel or higher. Due to potentially harmful environmental impact, testing of SCP-971 may not be scheduled more than once a week. Instances of SCP-971-1 have no special properties other than their mode of delivery, and may be disposed of normally.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-972 is to be housed in standard humanoid containment furnished with standard amenities. Requests for additional furnishings are to be submitted to Dr. █████ and may be granted so long as they do not violate Foundation security protocols. SCP-972 may take meals in Site Cafeteria and is granted limited movement within Site ██. However, subject must be accompanied by one Level 1 Security personnel at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-973’s nature precludes it from full containment within the Foundation. Due to the danger it presents, the 60-kilometer stretch of US Route ██ on which it is known to manifest is to be under satellite surveillance at all times. Any vehicles attempting to travel the designated section of highway between 22:00 and 04:30 are to be diverted to the detours at exits ███ and ███ by Foundation personnel. Trespassers are to be forcibly arrested and detained if the need arises.
Special Containment Procedures: One specimen of SCP-974 is kept within Zoological Reserve Site 16 in a lightly wooded containment area measuring no greater than 2500 m². An armed patrol is to be conducted at least once weekly in order to ascertain the status of any instances of SCP-974-2 and destroy any that are determined to be no longer in use.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-975 is contained on-site. A 50 m section of the tunnel containing SCP-975-1 has been reinforced with 3 cm of titanium alloy plating and hermetically sealed, with the area accessible only via a secure airlock that is to be manned by at least two (2) armed guards at all times. This containment area is further sealed from the main tunnel network to deter urban explorers, and is now only accessible via an underground shaft in Site ██.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-976 is attached to an isolated research computer at Site-█. All data from SCP-976 must be archived for analysis from automated backups made every 24 hours. Research on data extracted from SCP-976 requires level 2 clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-978 is to be kept in security locker H-J-12 at Site 17, and only to be removed or handled by personnel with Level-2 security clearance or higher. Testing parties may request extra film and printing paper at their leisure. SCP-978 is not to be used for blackmail, entertainment, or personal reasons.
This means you. ~ O5-██
All photographs produced by SCP-978 are to be cataloged along with full testing description. Requests to destroy photographs may be processed by Level-4 security clearance or higher personnel, at the discretion of the testing party.
Special Containment Procedures: All individuals suspected of being exposed to SCP-979 must be reviewed for changes in psyche. SCP-979 itself should be contained in a wire cage (and plastic flooring) approximately five (5) metres in length, height, and width. As SCP-979 does not produce waste, there is little need for any bedding. However, SCP-979 should be given a water dispenser of 150 milliliters, refilled daily, to prevent drying out. Also, SCP-979 is allowed one (1) shelter in its cage, consisting of commercial plastic of any color made for medium to large members of the Leporidae family normally sold in pet shops for companionship. SCP-979 is to be monitored with a hidden camera twenty-four (24) hours a day. Should SCP-979's behavior change in any way, it is to be logged and reported to a level 3 or higher personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-980 is to be kept in a 3 m x 3 m x 5 m lead room suspended in the center of a 25 m x 25 m x 25 m containment area at Site-██. This room is to have a single glass window aligned with the window to the containment area. The inner window requires replacement every 8 days. Leaded glass is to be used instead—see addendum. The door to this room is to be kept locked at all times that SCP-980 is not under study. Personnel ranking above D-class are not to enter the surrounding containment area due to mental and physical danger. No armed personnel or guards are required near the lift to SCP-980's cell, as it has not shown any means of escaping. In addition, the fall from its containment cell would injure it enough to prevent escape. No feeding or nutrition of any sort is necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Having shown no signs of its influence spreading further than the recorded distance, as long as SCP-981-2 remains within SCP-981-1 it is required only to be stored in a standard artifact room in a locked copper box of at least 1cm thickness. Access to the SCP is by application for level 3 and above only.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-982 is to be kept in a negative-pressure climate-controlled facility, and must remain closed and bolted except during approved exploration.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-983 is completely safe so long as technicians handling it do so on any day other than their birthday. Should SCP-983 be presented to or handled by any individual on the yearly anniversary of their birth, they should immediately follow the sing-along guidelines contained in Emergency Kit 135r located next to the door to SCP-983’s containment chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: The facility where SCP-984 is located (hereby Site-48) is currently under the auspices of ██████████ Company, a Foundation shell corporation. The door to SCP-984 is to remain externally locked at all times except during experimentation, as are all stalls in SCP-984. Only Class-D personnel may enter SCP-984 without protective armor and a firearm.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-985 is to be kept under video surveillance at all times. Live-feed cameras are to be placed in all three sections of SCP-985's housing, and the feeds are to be under observation by at least one Foundation employee at all times. In the event that observation fails for any period of time, on-site reserve personnel are to be activated, and the area is to be placed under lockdown until containment of SCP-985 and any items produced by the SCP is reestablished.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-986 is currently stored in the Anomalous Document Repository at Site-11. The contents of SCP-986 are to be examined for changes by research staff on a weekly basis. Any changes to the contents of SCP-986 are to be recorded by staff after notifying the Research Director. A list of SCP-986 messages and narratives can be accessed with the permission of the Research Director.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-987 is currently housed at Research Site-14 in an airtight 5 x 12 x 3 meter concrete-walled chamber encased in a Faraday cage. Continuous illumination is provided by conventional fixtures in the ceiling. Access is restricted to Level 2 personnel or D-class personnel assigned by Level 3 personnel. The chamber is to be constantly monitored remotely by thermographic and standard cameras. In the event that SCP-987-1 is not detectable by thermographic imagery, the site director and head of security are to be notified. Although it is probable that SCP-987-1 has vacated the chamber, a Containment Breach Alert is not to be sounded by personnel on duty unless expressly authorized by the site director or head of security.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-988 is to be housed in a locked, unilluminated cell with no observation windows. It is to be kept in a latched state and secured with a padlock whose key is to be stored at a separate facility.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-989 is to be stored in secure Locker ███-██ in Site 22 until further notice. Secure Locker ███-██ is to contain an electronic scale, which is to report the current weight of the object at all times. Any change in the weight before testing and after testing that is +/- 1g beyond test materials removed is to be reported immediately, and Containment Breach protocols should be enacted. Level 2 clearance is required for research involving SCP-989, with written permission from a level 3 staff member.
Special Containment Procedures: Currently no containment for SCP-990 has been devised. Any personnel with suggestions for the containment of SCP-990 should report to Dr. ██████████. Any and all ideas are welcome, regardless of who suggests them.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-991-1 is to be kept in a sealed container at Site-19. SCP-991-1 may not be stored if there is SCP-991-2 present. Access to SCP-991-1 for testing or use in interrogation/re-education requires the approval of a class-4 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Any broadcasts of SCP-993 are to be intercepted as detailed in Protocol Upsilon-Beta 3 and blocked from public viewing. All intercepted broadcasts are to be recorded and stored for future viewing. Any subjects used to view SCP-993 must be under the age of ten and are to be dosed with a Class A amnesiac after they have described the episode.
Special Containment Procedures: The flock of SCP-994 is to be contained within a remote 50 square kilometer area in northwest Washington state, with housing provided within hangars 3, 4, 6 and 8 at Site-410. All SCP-994 individuals are to be fitted with radio transmitters broadcasting on Foundation-secure channels, as well as implants tied to an “invisible fence” network operating out of local cell phone towers.
Special Containment Procedures:
SCP-995 is to be secured in a two (2) by three (3) meter terrarium placed in a four (4) x four (4) containment room. The terrarium is to be cleaned twice a week. During cleaning SCP-995 should be placed in a substitute terrarium fit for its size. All personnel should be sterilized before and after coming into the containment cell. SCP-995 is to be contained in multiple terrariums with each colony separated. Currently there are 4 colonies; each terrarium is to be made to fit the number and size of SCP-995 in the colony. SCP-995 has been moved to a larger containment room which is 20 x 20 meters. Each terrarium is to be cleaned weekly. If any colony reaches the established population limit, randomly selected SCP-995s are to be destroyed. Only Level 2 personnel or higher are granted access to SCP-995 with approval from any Level 3 researcher that has been assigned SCP-995. Feeding of the specimens is to be done twice a week at appropriate hours. During any containment breach the room is to be sterilized by incineration.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-996 is to be stretched to a 1 meter by 1 meter square sheet. It is held in place by four clamps on the corners and mounted on a frame. The assembly is locked in storage under standard security.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-997 is to be stored in a standard containment locker while not in use. During testing procedures involving SCP-997, it is recommended that the object be left unplugged while not actively being tested. SCP-997 is to be tested only in a chamber that functions as a Faraday cage.
Special Containment Procedures: Area 998-Alpha has been established in a 20 km radius around the estimated event location of SCP-998. This area is marked as off-limits on all regional maps, and any civilian ships or aircraft attempting to enter the area must be waved off. A Foundation listening ship (currently SCPS Cerberus as of █/██/06) is stationed within Area 998-Alpha and tasked with monitoring local transmissions for evidence of an SCP-998 event.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-999 is allowed to freely roam the facility should it desire to, but otherwise must stay in its pen either between 8PM-9PM for sleeping, or during emergency lockdowns for its own safety. Subject is not allowed out of its pen at night or off facility grounds at any time. Pen is to be kept clean and food replaced twice daily. All personnel are allowed inside SCP-999’s holding area, but only if they are not assigned to other tasks at the time, or if they are on break. Subject is to be played with when bored and spoken to in a calm, non-threatening tone.
Special Containment Procedures: All media reports related to SCP-1000 are to be examined for potential verifiability. All organizations and individuals investigating SCP-1000's existence are to be kept under surveillance by Mobile Task Force Zeta-1000 and discredited or administered amnestics. All physical signs of SCP-1000's existence must be retrieved and kept in Foundation custody, and replaced with decoy items if necessary. Alleged sightings of SCP-1000 must always be investigated by MTF Zeta-1000, however trivial the claim.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1001 is to be kept at Bio Site-103, in a greenhouse reinforced as per Dangerous Organisms Protocol 12A. It is to remain rooted in the soil core, 9 m diameter x 4 m deep, in which it was removed from the site of discovery. It is to be watered and fertilized sporadically, as detailed in Document 1001-2. No object capable of producing hazardous sound (sonic weaponry, audio-based memetic effects, high-decibel infrasound, etc.) is permitted within hearing distance of Bio Site-103.
Special Containment Procedures: All objects tied to instances of SCP-1002 are to be contained in a brightly lit 6m x 6m (20 x 20 ft) chamber. SCP-1002-6 is to be contained in a suitably sized hangar. No D-class personnel are to come within ten (10) meters of the containment chamber or hangar. No personnel involved with end-of-the-month termination for D-class personnel are to come within ten (10) meters of the containment chamber or hangar.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation currently has 10 instances of SCP-1003-2 (designated SCP-1003-2-a-k) in its possession, all of which are held in separate heavily guarded high-security cells at Bio-Research Area 13. All personnel at Bio-Research Area 13 are to undergo regular compulsory testing for signs of SCP-1003 infection. Personnel wishing to access SCP-1003-2-a-k may only do so for the express purpose of research, must have Level 4 security clearance, and must have written permission from O5-█ beforehand. They are to wear biohazard suits when entering SCP-1003-2-a-k's cells, and go through an intensive disinfection process afterwards. No animals of the order Carnivora are to be allowed at Bio-Research Area 13 under any circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: All copies of SCP-1004-1 and -2 are to be kept in Secure Containment Locker 17, at site 37. At no point are any copies of SCP-1004 to be used for recreational purposes. Following the events of incident 1004-Dale, Researchers are no longer allowed to view the output of SCP-1004, even when filtered or via secondary source. Only D-class are allowed to view the output of SCP-1004. Use of SCP-1133-7 and SCP-894 instances by researchers and control subjects has been approved where deemed appropriate in preventing undesired spread of SCP-1004's effects.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1005 is to be maintained at Site-17 in a 3m x 3m x 3m holding room, equipped with dim lighting. SCP-1005 has no nutritional requirements aside from a need to maintain hydration levels; humidity in holding chamber should be kept at a minimum of 70% when possible, and at least one (1) liter of water provided for consumption daily. SCP-1005 also does not need to sleep, but has requested a chair in which to relax when not undergoing study (granted). SCP-1005 also does not produce any waste, losing water only to evaporation, thus minimal cleanup is required; SCP-1005 has volunteered to give its chamber a monthly cleaning to prevent buildup of paint residue (under consideration).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1006 is contained within a 213m radius in [REDACTED] National Park and should be checked biweekly. Civilian access is to be denied by means of an 'endangered species' cover story. Relocation of SCP-1006 is strongly discouraged due to the fragility of individual members and their sensitivity to habitat changes. Observation Post 45 has been set up within the containment zone and supplies SCP-1006 with various audiobook versions of communist and classical literature at SCP-1006's request, as well as black ink and poster board as necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: When inactive, SCP-1007 is to be kept in a standard coffin along with SCP-1007-1. The subject may only be activated during routine testing. As of current regulations on "Misters," SCP-1007 is to be contained in Hall 8 of Site 13.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1008 is stored in a molded, opaque container, which is stored in a secure locker at Site ██. SCP-1008 may only be removed from its container with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 3 personnel, and all subjects exposed to SCP-1008 must be kept under observation until expiration.
Special Containment Procedures: The area surrounding SCP-1009 is to be walled off to a distance of 3 meters around it. Speakers are located at every 6 meters around the perimeter of the area, each constantly broadcasting tones louder than 80 decibels. These speakers are to be checked for functionality daily. Small neon-tape flags are to be installed clearly around the edge of SCP-1009 at small intervals. If, during daily monitoring, an area is found clear of flags, containment should be re-evaluated. Those performing examinations should wear ear protection to prevent hearing loss.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1010 is to be contained on Site-██ within an ecological containment dome outlined in Document 1010-14. The enclosure is to contain populations of Pinus sylvestris and Dryopteris carthusiana as SCP-1010 is unable to effectively mimic either plant species. The ultraviolet lamps in the ceiling are to be set to mimic the diurnal cycle. Every 72 hours (3 days), 190 liters of water is to be added into SCP-1010's enclosure via the sprinkler system installed on the ceiling. There should be at least one attendant watching the security feed from SCP-1010's enclosure at all times and should report any abnormal behaviour SCP-1010 exhibits. During the seasons of winter and spring (18th of December to 18th of March) no personnel other than Class-D are allowed to enter SCP-1010's enclosure.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1011 is to be kept in Hall-07 at Site-35. Two guards are to be present at all times at the entrance to Hall-07 to prevent the removal of SCP-1011. The D-class population working on Site-35 as a part of currently running experiments is suspended from monthly termination schedule due to the extended length of time needed to study the effects of SCP-1011. As material produced during the experiment appears to lack anomalous properties, its use is approved for non-critical applications as defined in document CSG-0371-N.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation has implemented protocols to cancel or to reduce the risk of generation of three of the five constituent sound tones that comprise SCP-1012:
Special Containment Procedures: Standard safety procedures for visually-reactive items (ED-8) are to be posted at all times. Any staff entering the containment area are to review this document before entering. Any staff entering the containment area are to wear the AR-68 Armored Variant haz-mat suit. Staff exiting the area with damaged suits are to be remanded to quarantine for one hour. Staff becoming paralyzed during cleaning/feeding/testing cycles are to be immediately removed and remanded to medical custody until five hours after recovery.
Special Containment Procedures: Specimens of SCP-1014 are to contained in a 12 meter by 12 meter room not constructed of wood. A beach environment is to be maintained in the chamber at all times, and sea water pumped through the chamber to simulate the effects of tides. Members of SCP-1014 are to be placed so that only their heads remain above water when the water is at its highest. Any salt water with sufficiently high plankton content may be substituted if necessary. Should the water level drop to the point where a specimen is entirely exposed for more than six hours, Class Two hazardous materials protocols are to be in effect until the water level is restored.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1015-1 is to be contained in a passcode-locked safe in a 2m x 2m room to be supervised by one guard at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Subject is to be kept in a secure box with a combination lock, code ██-██-██ in a standard fireproof safe with a number pad locking system. Neither lock will contain a backup keyhole. Within this context, SCP-1016 poses no threat. Approval of at least one (1) Level 4 personnel is required for the removal of object from its containment area for research purposes. Due to the nature of the device, testing may only be performed at the isolated building at Site ██ after making sure the building contains only D-class personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-1017 remains confined to the London Underground Metropolitan Railway, containment must be enacted in-situ. Detection and identification of an instance of SCP-1017 is crucial, and to be carried out by three Foundation agents who have been inserted into the human resources, train control, and █████████ departments of the Transport for London (TfL) administration. Fail-safe explosive charges are placed at key locations in the network, so as to be able to isolate segments in the event of a containment breach.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1018 is currently contained in Storage Unit ██, located at Site ██.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-1019 is transient in nature, current containment procedures are geared towards minimizing public knowledge of SCP-1019. When a phenomenon is recognized as an instance of SCP-1019, a decision should be made by a Level 3 or greater researcher on whether to document it immediately, or let it expire naturally, based on possibility of exposure to the public. Heuristic word processing algorithms are to be used on all SCP Foundation files for the possibility of documenting an instance of SCP-1019 before being uploaded to the main database, to avoid an unintentional disabling of the current instance.
Special Containment Procedures: All components of SCP-1020 are to be kept in a storage locker at Sector █. The interior of the locker should be monitored by remote video feed at all times. A United States Postmaster General-approved mailbox is to be maintained along an active United States Postal Service pick-up and delivery route at the closest point possible to Sector █, currently [DATA EXPUNGED]. This mailbox is to be emptied following every active state of SCP-1020, and the resulting letter read and destroyed unless any details in the letter bear further investigation.
Special Containment Procedures: No special containment procedures needed at this time. All instances of SCP-1021 are currently in use in various sites and facilities. For complete list, see addendum.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1022 may be contained on a clothes rack within a standard secure item locker. Warning labels are to be affixed to prevent confusion with similar attire in use by Foundation personnel. Completion of a comprehensive psychiatric evaluation and the mandatory SCP-1022 orientation course is required for staff who wish to utilise SCP-1022. After the events of Incident 1022-1, use of SCP-1022 is restricted to D-class barring approval by Level 4 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1023 is to be kept within a 1m x 1m x 1m lead-lined steel box to be stored at Research Sector 4 at Site 17 at all times when it is not being tested or studied. SCP-1023 is to be kept under audio and video surveillance at all times during containment and testing, and Senior Researcher ██████ is to be notified at any time the object becomes active. All data the object produces is to be recorded both digitally and physically and stored within a secure vault on-site. If any data the object produces is of risk to the Foundation, it is to be forwarded as soon as possible to the nearest Site Administrator.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1024 is kept in a secure locker at Reliquary Containment Site-76, under standard Level 3 Bibliomorphic Containment Conditions. Access to SCP-1024 is prohibited without level 3 authorization. Personnel assigned to researching SCP-1024 have standing authorization for access, but must inform their Project Leader before accessing SCP-1024 and must log all activity related to its use.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its potential as a bioweapon capable of destroying all life on Earth, SCP-1025 is to be kept in an isolated underground vault secured by no fewer than 10 armed guards, to be rotated twice weekly and checked for compromise by infectious agents. The vault should be armed with a thermite mine to be detonated at the first sign of containment breach.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1026 is contained within a 8 m x 8 m unfurnished room. Personnel are advised not to enter SCP-1026's containment cell without supervision from an external observer. SCP-1026 is contained within a reinforced cell in Sector ██. Under no circumstances are any personnel to enter the containment area; all observation will be done remotely through security cameras with a broadcast delay of no less than 13.6 seconds. No care is necessary; SCP-1026 has no apparent need for food, water, or sleep.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1027 is to be housed in a standard liquid containment tank, immersed in a saline solution. Personnel are to avoid direct physical contact with SCP-1027 with the exception of feeding staff. SCP-1027 is to be given one (1) fresh bovine brain per week. All staff involved in feeding of SCP-1027 are to wear Level-4 bio-protective equipment. In event of exposure to SCP-1027, affected personnel are to be immediately treated as instances of SCP-1027 and subjected to standard containment protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1028 are to be kept in a large free-flight aviary. When needed, the feeders are to be filled with seed and berries. Once a week, the insect, earthworm, and snail population of the aviary should be checked, with more being introduced as needed. Care is to be taken to ensure that all specimens remain fairly calm, and any flora species or variety not accounted for in the building of the aviary is to be removed and incinerated, as per Addendum 01.
Special Containment Procedures: Three copies of SCP-1029 are currently stored on standard CD-R media in the secure sections of Foundation libraries at Sites ██, ██ and ██. Access is permitted only for authorised research into the cause of its effect.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1030-1 is to be kept in a 7m x 5m holding cell under video surveillance and staffed by one guard. Minimal furnishing is allowed, as SCP-1030-1 does appear to be able to experience "comfort" and "pain." There are to be no tangible objects in the cell except one word processor terminal, to be built into the wall of the cell. SCP-1030-1 may request materials for self-repair by typing on this terminal. Staff are to place materials in the airlock between the observation booth and the holding cell, then vacate the airlock before SCP-1030-1 is given access to it.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1031 is to be kept in a secure storage locker at Site ██. It may be removed for experimentation but must be returned set to "Off" and with SCP-1031-2 attached to the side with adhesive tape.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1032 is to be stored in a high-value inanimate-item cell at Sector-19. One unarmed guard is to be posted inside the cell at all times to prevent tampering.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1033 is to be held in a 15m by 5m standard cell, lined with 5m thick lead plating. Personnel entering SCP-1033's chamber must wear approved Level A hazmat suits. If SCP-1033's routine changes or if SCP-1033 attempts to escape, the two guards stationed outside SCP-1033's chamber are to be reinforced with eight more, all armed with Containment Kit 4-MK3 (consisting of a SCAR-L assault rifle with underbarrel net launcher, two (2) flashbang grenades and one (1) M67 fragmentation grenade).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1034 is to be contained in a pass-code protected safe when not in use. Foundation personnel handling SCP-1034 are required to wear EN388 xx44 rated gloves. In the event of accidental skin contact or puncture, the affected subject must be restrained and SCP-1034 wrested from subject’s possession. If subject was cut at any point, SCP-1034 must be immediately rinsed and sterilized.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1035 is to be kept at Site 19’s Biological Storage Facility while research into its properties continues. Level-3 researchers assigned to the [REDACTED] Project may request the use of SCP-1035 for research provided that requisition forms for D-class personnel are filed at least 1 week prior. Materials that have been exposed to SCP-1035 for extended periods of time are to be treated as Class 2 Biohazards and incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: Each specimen of SCP-1036 is to be contained in a locked cast iron receptacle in a low-humidity environment, to retard oxidation of the receptacle and of the nails. At all times, each specimen is to be carefully handled so as to minimize the likelihood of dislodging any nails from the specimen. Under no circumstances are nails to be removed from any specimen; if inspection of any specimen indicates a risk that a nail may become separated from a specimen, consult document 1036-3P.BR for restoration protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1038 is to be kept in a locked storage container within the Site-17 audio/visual department, with keypad combination in possession of Research Director. Due to the nature of the object’s effects, O5-level approval has been granted for SCP-1038’s non-experimental, recreational use on a weekly basis for all Site personnel on Fridays from 1930 - 2230 Hours, using previously tested content.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1039 is to be kept within a sealed, ten (10) meter by ten (10) meter containment cell at all times. No unauthorized personnel are permitted to enter the containment cell unless specifically instructed by a Security Clearance Level 4 (or higher) site supervisor. The interior of the cell is to be kept under constant remote surveillance through the designated wall-mounted security camera, the footage of which is to be periodically reviewed by assigned staff. All abnormalities and changes in behavior discovered during review of the surveillance footage are to be recorded and reported to researchers assigned to the object.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1040 is stored in vault 89-Q5 at Storage Site 12 as per standard Safe-class long-term storage protocol. No additional care is required.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1041 is kept in a Type 2 Humanoid Containment Cell at Site 17 and provided rations as per Dietary Outline AHF4. Certain identities of SCP-1041 require special consideration; see Document 1041-5C for further information.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1042 is to be contained in a standard EM shielded anomalous materials storage locker. When testing, precautions with equipment should be taken as the object has been noted to affect electrical devices.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1043 is to be held within a containment room in Storage Unit 9 at Site-33. The air humidity within the containment unit should not exceed 5% to prevent devaluation of SCP-1043, as well as a potential containment breach. Experimentation on SCP-1043 requires approval of level 3 personnel due to limited amount available.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1044 is to be surrounded at all possible access points by signs in English and French warning of falling rocks, avalanches, landmines and dangerous animals. The area should be kept under periodic aerial surveillance and at least one member of personnel will be available on short notice to further discourage any non-personnel who choose to ignore the warnings.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1045 is stored in Low-Security Locker 17 at Site 21. No flammable materials or sources of open flame are to be brought within 5 meters of SCP-1045 except for testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: The building currently integrated with SCP-1046 is to be contained in a standard domicile containment unit. All surfaces contacting the building are to be constructed out of wooden materials. In the event of a containment breach, all portions of SCP-1046 found outside of containment are to be surgically removed and transplanted into the original building or a suitable replacement building.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1048 is currently free to roam Site 24, as it poses no threat and has been observed to greatly improve the morale of personnel that interact with it. The whereabouts of SCP-1048 are currently unknown, though it is still believed to be somewhere in Site 24. Subject is to be secured for containment, but any creation of SCP-1048's should be destroyed on sight, unless further evidence warrants less extreme actions. No teddy bears are to be allowed in Site 24 to prevent any confusion or mistaken identity. Any object that resembles a teddy bear is to be reported to the security team immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1049 is to be kept in a 1 x 1 x 3m aviary. Other than a perch 2m above ground, feeder, and water container, no foreign objects are permitted in SCP-1049's enclosure. SCP-1049 must be kept tethered to the perch at all times. If entry to SCP-1049's enclosure is required, protective clothing must be worn and time spent inside the enclosure must be kept to a minimum.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1050-1 is to be maintained in a storage facility with interior dimensions of at least five (5) meters by five (5) meters by thirty-two (32) meters. The ceiling of the storage facility, specifically the area directly over SCP-1050-1, must be shielded to block radio waves broadcast at an intensity of [REDACTED].1 SCP-1050-1 is currently stored at Area 179.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-1051's main danger being information leakage, efforts towards containment have been placed into denial or falsification of rumors surrounding its existence. Agents are to be reminded that any reference towards SCP-1051 or similar concepts during interaction with a civilian, whether online or offline, are to be met with ridicule and/or denial. Knowledge beyond current cultural information may require the application of a Class-A amnestic.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1052 is to be stored within a lit, sealed locker, located in Area Blue-13, Site 45. A miniaturized CCTV camera is to be placed within the locker, with checks made every evening by surveillance officers to ensure that the object has not been displaced.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the destructive properties of SCP-1053, it is currently isolated in Area 1053. Mobile Task Force Omicron-7 ("Bounce Houses") is always on alert, stationed outside of Area 1053 in order to end Emergence events. SCP-1053 itself is encased in a steel box, with a sensitive scale below it in order to act as an early warning system for Emergence events. Purposeful testing with SCP-1053 has been discontinued, and as such, access is prohibited under normal circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1054 should be kept in a 3x3x3m steel-coated cell, which is to be sealed at all times except for when testing is taking place. The steel door that is used to access the cell should be airtight, as to not allow for the astro-turf to 'grow' outside the door.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1056 is to be kept in a 50x50x50 cm 10-digit combination safe with biometric confirmation when not being used for testing. Only personnel involved in SCP-1056 research and testing may have access to the object. All tests require prior authorization by the Site Director or and by research staff with Level 3 clearance or higher. Tests on living subjects must be conducted in a secure testing facility meeting Level 2 containment guidelines to prevent modified subjects from escaping. All objects altered by SCP-1056 must be kept in Class E ablative storage for 48 hours after transformation. The creation of any object or organism over 200 kg must be approved by the Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1057 is kept in a reinforced glass containment tank 4 meters tall, 15 meters long, and 9 meters wide, filled with water which has been treated to replicate a temperate ocean environment (see document 1057-H-22 for specifications). Vegetation in SCP-1057's habitat is to be maintained twice a week (see document 1057-H-19 for specifications). It is forbidden to enter SCP-1057's tank for 30 minutes before and after feedings.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1058 is to be kept in Humanoid Containment Wing 2 of Site 17. Due to the nature of the subject's anomalous behavior, the floor of the cell is to be covered with 1cm of sand, to be replenished every two weeks. The cell is to be lit by only a single light source at all times. The source should be mounted in the center of the ceiling, with redundant backups in case of failure.
Special Containment Procedures: Documents known to be written by personnel infected with SCP-1059 are to be re-written by uninfected researchers. Personnel known to be infected with SCP-1059 are to be treated with counter-memetic therapy and removed from duty until they show no further signs of infection. They are to afterwards be monitored for signs of relapse. Individuals outside the Foundation found to be carrying SCP-1059 are to be treated with Class-A amnestics if practical, or otherwise removed from positions where they can potentially infect others.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1060 is to be contained in a humanoid observation/detention cell at all times. During subject's daytime cycle, subject is to be provided with food items from the Site-33 cafeteria. During subject's nighttime cycle, subject is to be nourished with 0.8 kg of human placental material and provided with a basin of at least 4 liters of rice wine vinegar.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1061 should be kept in a secured, climate-controlled garage. Its tires have been removed and should not be replaced for any reason. Its doors should be locked at all times and its windshield boarded up, unless testing is in progress. All experiments are to be performed within the garage.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1062 is currently contained in Secure Document Storage Locker #82 at Sector-25. The document is only available for testing, which must be supervised by at least one level-2 researcher, under the authority of two level-3 personnel. D-Class utilised in testing are not to have their termination postponed except under the express command of an O5.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1063 is to be kept in a 20m x 20m x 6m habitat simulating a temperate deciduous/coniferous forest environment, bordered by 60 (sixty)-cm-thick unpolished granite walls covered with live moss; SCP-1063 is unable highly reluctant to damage objects which are supporting live plants. All personnel who enter SCP-1063's containment for any purpose are to carry live potted plants in plain view; guards are to carry flamethrowers as well as potted plants.
Special Containment Procedures: When not required for testing purposes, SCP-1064 is to be contained in a sealed storage locker located within Sector-28. Since SCP-1064 is considered to be harmless when not actively in use, no further precautions are required to be taken at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1065-1 through SCP-1065-4 are to be contained in individual, near-vacuum anaerobic chambers, fitted with manipulation access for at least one user per chamber. No forms of written information, including information directly regarding SCP-1065, are to be kept in proximity to SCP-1065.
Special Containment Procedures: All components of SCP-1067 are locked in drawer six of locker-██, one of ██ custom-built stainless steel lockers measuring 3.0m in height and 0.40m in width and depth. This locker and the items inside are currently assigned to department 43-█, and monitored via CCTV. SCP-1067 is to be returned to the locker when not in use, and must be vacuum-sealed in a polythene bag after being thoroughly dehydrated before being returned. Additional security includes marking with ultraviolet ink on all components to prevent theft. Any member of staff who wishes to conduct tests on SCP-1067 may do so with the approval of Administrator Samson, although they must be supervised by at least one (1) department 43-█ operative. Please note that application of SCP-1067 for recreational purposes is strictly forbidden.
Special Containment Procedures: Packaged SCP-1068s are to be kept in a large underground storage site beneath Site-76. The walls of the room are to be soundproofed and electromagnetically shielded so as to prevent damage to other facilities. Researchers should wear shaded goggles, ear plugs, and ear muffs to prevent permanent sensory damage when handling or experimenting with SCP-1068. Records should be kept through non-electronic medium. Any detonations are to be scheduled in advance and communicated to all personnel to avoid confusion with the standard on-site nuclear device.
Special Containment Procedures: The area within a 5 km radius of SCP-1069-1 has been marked as off-limits to civilian access under the guise of environmental chemical contamination, and all Foundation staff located on-site are to operate under the cover of an environmental cleanup organization.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1070 is to be held in a standard containment locker, located in Site-77's Safe SCP wing. When being used by site personnel, one standard test chamber may be used. No personnel above D-Class are permitted to view SCP-1070 when it is in an active state. In the event that personnel do view it, they are to be given psychiatric evaluation, with further action taken at the discretion of the site director.
Special Containment Procedures: Object is kept in a small case in the middle of a twenty (20) metre square room. The door into the room is located in the corner so as to be more than ten metres from the object.
Special Containment Procedures: The cavern containing the spring of SCP-1073-1 has been sealed, except for a small access shaft that terminates in the basement of a nearby Foundation facility. A colony of SCP-1073-2 is currently contained in a hermetically sealed containment unit in Sector-██'s Storage Site-█. Any personnel with sufficient security clearance are free to converse with SCP-1073-2.
3/9/ ██: Because of good behavior a small radio transmitter broadcasting on the frequency ████ AM has been set up across from 1073's containment unit and is to continuously play audio tapes of various novels and non-fiction works.
8/23/ ██: 1073-2 has taken an interest in history and mathematics; pending O5 approval, more of these texts will be added to the playlist.
9/7/ ██: Approved - O5-3
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1074 is to be kept in a frame with an opaque cover, in a locked archive room at Site 342. No personnel are to view SCP-1074 under any circumstances, with the exception of D-class personnel undergoing testing. Any photography or video recording of SCP-1074 is to be conducted by remote-controlled drone.
Special Containment Procedures: Adjunct Site 13 is to be utilized for direct monitoring of SCP-1075-1. The property containing SCP-1075-1 has been purchased by Southern Crosscut Pines. The property is to be surrounded by fencing to prevent unauthorized entry. Foundation agents located in Adjunct Site 13 are to patrol the fenced perimeter regularly for unauthorized individuals. Any unauthorized individuals are to be removed from the property immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: Each specimen of SCP-1076 is to be held in a 1.5m x 2m x 2.5m unfurnished cell with a windowless door. Food should be provided three (3) times daily.1 Bedding and plumbing facilities are not required. Soundproofing is not strictly required but should be provided if possible, to reduce psychological stress on guards. One (1) armed guard is to be assigned to each cell, chosen from personnel with no children under the age of 21.
Special Containment Procedures: A single specimen of SCP-1077 is kept in a secure 3 m x 3 m x 3.5 m containment area at Bio Site-95. The containment area is filled with soil up to 1 m in depth, and a variety of plant species native to SCP-1077’s natural habitat, as well as dead plant matter, have been introduced into it to provide it with material for decomposition. The containment area is to be contained as per standard protocols for a Biosafety Level 4 containment area. Staff working at Bio Site-95 must be regularly tested for SCP-1077 infection; infectees are to be quarantined, stripped of security clearance, and treated for systemic mycosis. Infectees must be assessed by a medical doctor briefed on SCP-1077 before they may be released.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1078 is to be stored in a cubical box composed entirely of HDPE plastic at a thickness of no less than 5 cm. This box is to be suspended at all times in a Faraday cage with mesh of no larger than 0.05 mm and with dimensions of no larger than 1m by 1m by 1m. A separate room contained entirely within a Faraday cage of similar mesh size will be set aside for all testing attempts involving SCP-1078; the cage containing the object's box may not be opened unless it is contained in this room and the door is closed.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1079 are currently stored within Containment Locker-1079 at Site-19. Furthermore, watchlist databases are to be updated with SCP-1079's information, in order to intercept any new shipments which may appear in the future.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1080 and its accompanying documentation are to be kept at Site 38 in a locked containment room. Under no circumstances are any children below the age of 13 to be allowed near the vicinity of SCP-1080 except for experimentation purposes. Any reports of behavior similar to that of SCP-1080-1 specimens are to be met with immediate investigation and containment of potential subjects.
Special Containment Procedures: The two iterations of SCP-1081 currently in Foundation possession are to be kept in an insulated, lead-lined containment locker in Storage Unit 13 at Site 38. Except for experimental purposes, SCP-1081 is never to be exposed to electric current under any circumstances for fear of accidental activation. SCP-1081 is never to be removed from its containment locker except by D-class personnel with noise-canceling headphones active at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1082 is to be stored in a triple-locked safe in a containment chamber at Site 38. The item is to be left in containment except for testing purposes indefinitely; no testing or access is authorized at any time. This document is to be compiled through interviews with affected personnel and access to Document 1082-25. Any personnel coming into contact with SCP-1082 are to be interviewed and given a Class-B amnestic, by force if necessary. Images of SCP-1082 are to be used only for testing purposes No images of SCP-1082 are to be produced or stored at any time, with the exception of a single picture appended to Document 1082-25.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1083 is to be stored in a containment locker at Site 38 when not in use. SCP-1083 is to be transported to and from its locker only by junior researchers with no previous history of violent behavior, and only while wearing protective gloves. Under no circumstances are personnel with Level 2 or higher clearance to come into contact with SCP-1083. Testing with D-class personnel is prohibited due to lack of relevant data collected during experimentation. All personnel coming into contact with SCP-1083 are to be immediately debriefed and sent for psychological counseling.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment Site-153 has been built around SCP-1084 and the surrounding town, which is abandoned mostly abandoned. A fence has been built around the town's perimeter along with warnings of radioactive waste contamination to discourage entry. All efforts are to be made to locate any living descendants of the town's occupants as of 25 January 1914. All residents and descendants are confirmed dead, with the exception of SCP-1084-1.
Special Containment Procedures: All confirmed copies of SCP-1085 are to be stored in Video Archive 38-Beta at Site 38. All similar copies are to be located, quarantined, analyzed for anomalous properties, and either released for retail sale or contained. Copies of SCP-1085 may be destroyed only by D-class personnel; however, given the doubtful benefit to Foundation research and the total unusability of personnel after such destruction, this is generally considered a waste of resources and requires approval from Site 38 command. Should the number of SCP-1085 iterations become difficult to contain, alternate measures (mass destruction via steamroller or explosive detonation) may be taken into consideration. All civilians affected by SCP-1085 are to be treated as well as possible, though no confirmed survivors have as yet been located.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1086-1 are to be contained and quarantined until death. While no method of treating or curing SCP-1086 has been determined, it remains possible to prevent its spread so long as infected iterations are contained as quickly as possible. Due to the time-sensitive nature of containment, any Mobile Task Force not engaged in immediate actions may be activated for purposes of capture and transfer of SCP-1086-1 instances to the central containment area at Site 38. In the event of a widespread outbreak of SCP-1086, any facility, Foundation or otherwise, with a Biohazard Containment Chamber rated at Biosafety Level 3 or higher may be commandeered for containment purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1087 is to be kept in the Site 38 arboretum, which is to be stocked with multiple species of insects and small birds to meet SCP-1087's dietary needs. Personnel are not to enter Arboretum 38 without a Foundation Type 2 breathing apparatus except during testing. Testing of SCP-1087's effects may be performed on D-class personnel; however, to avoid interfering with research into other SCPs, testing should take place between 2200 and 0600 hours. D-class affected by SCP-1087 are to be terminated before Foundation personnel cause injury to themselves attempting to reach them.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-1088 primarily consists of preventing unauthorized access. To this end, all doors and ground-floor windows are to be locked, and a fence erected around the building. Two security guards are to be stationed at the entrance to this enclosure to turn away any civilians who would attempt to enter. An additional three guards are to patrol the maternity ward as a second line of defense. Only male security staff are to be assigned to SCP-1088, and no female personnel are to be allowed inside except for testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to frequent usage, SCP-1089 is to be kept in a 2m x 2m metal containment cell. The door to the cell is to remain electronically locked at all times and only the designated researchers are to be given the keypad code. No other personnel are to be given admittance without Level 3 Security Clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: The item is currently kept in a generic headphone case and can be safely stored alongside similarly contained items. Storage near non-anomalous listening-devices is not recommended. The item may only be removed for approved testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1091-1 is not to be removed from its containment room. The containment room is to be surrounded by a multi-stage Faraday cage. Three armed security personnel are to be stationed outside the containment room at all times. No radio devices are permitted within 200 meters of SCP-1091-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1092 is to be housed in a 5 by 5 by 2.5 meter cell that is completely watertight and is capable of being filled and drained via an installed pumping system. During its parasitic stage, SCP-1092 will be contained in one (1) domestic pig of no less than 54 kg. During this phase, SCP-1092's host is to be fed regularly and otherwise treated as a normal animal. After two (2) months time since initiation of the parasitic stage, the containment cell will be flooded with 40 cm of water and SCP-1092 will be allowed to enter its aquatic stage. The body of its former host will be incinerated. After four (4) months, another domestic pig meeting the same specifications will be placed into the inundated cell. Upon successful infection, the water will be drained and boiled three (3) times at no less than 200°C before being disposed of.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1093 is to be kept inside a sealed 5 meter by 5 meter containment cell. The cell is to be encased in a 30 centimeter thick lining of lead. Personnel are prohibited from entering the containment cell or making contact with SCP-1093 unless instructed by Level 4 personnel assigned to the object. No staff are permitted to enter SCP-1093's containment cell or make any contact with SCP-1093 without first being suited in the proper radiological protection. SCP-1093 is to remain deactivated unless the designated staff have instructed its activation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1094 is kept within Site-94, a containment site disguised as an office building belonging to a private company. Attempts made by civilians to enter Site-94 should be deterred, with amnestics being distributed should it be found necessary. No personnel are to enter the established safe zone around SCP-1094 except during authorized testing sessions. Personnel expressing interest in interacting with SCP-1094 are to be moved from the site immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1095 is provisionally contained on-site at ██████, Texas. The surrounding building is closed off to the public under the cover that it is under renovation. At least two Security Guards are to surround the area to prevent trespassing. Due to the nature of SCP-1095, level 1 security personnel are also posted near the entrance of SCP-1095. A barrier has been constructed around the side of SCP-1095 that is within SCP-1095-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1096 instances not in use are stored in a secure locker at Site ██. Experimentation with SCP-1096 may only be performed on Class-D personnel and only with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 3 Personnel. Class-D test subjects are housed in separate test subject containment cells at Site ██, and are excluded from mandatory monthly termination for the duration of testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1097 is to be fully enclosed within a reinforced, pressurized stainless steel container at all times. SCP-1097 is to be kept at a minimum of 2200 kPa.
Special Containment Procedures: All written instances of SCP-1098 are to be burned, painted over, or otherwise obliterated. A single recorded instance is kept on a standard audiocasette for study. Under no circumstances should this recording be digitized.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1099-1 is held at biological research Area 45 in a 24mx7mx7m fiberglass tank. The floor of the containment and research area is a graphite-coated stainless-steel grate supported over a 24m radius, 15m deep tank of saline solution. All experimentation must be overseen by at least one (1) level 3 or higher researcher. All personnel (excluding D-Class) entering the containment area require class B hazmat protection. No stray ferrous or magnetic objects (excluding those being used for research) are allowed. After every experimental session, the entire containment/research area and all personnel are to be saturated with saline solution by way of chamber-integrated sprayers.
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-1100 are kept within Secure Biohazardous Materials Storage at Bio-Containment Site 33. Experimentation on SCP-1100 may only be performed with prior approval from at least one (1) Level 3 personnel, and must observe all Level 3 Biohazardous Materials handling guidelines.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1101 is contained in a 20x20m secure room at Site-██. The containment room is monitored and recorded from a separate station by CCTV at all times; however, under no circumstances should this be viewed while an SCP-1101 event is in progress. When monitoring devices detect activity in SCP-1101's containment room, an alarm is to sound and both the containment room and the CCTV station are to be sealed until activity has ceased. All individuals under the influence of an SCP-1101 event are to be quarantined by security staff wearing hearing protection. No more than 20 individuals are to be introduced to SCP-1101 without O5-level approval. No objects are to be placed atop SCP-1101 except under controlled testing circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1102 is confined to an already-settled landscape, giving it CU Caldera designation as a highly sensitive widespread phenomenon. As per these regulations, civilian awareness of an overarching effect is monitored by local agents, and specific outbreaks are to be suppressed as per standard procedures based on number of witnesses and exposure. Additionally, as per Caldera protocol, Foundation sociologists are to aid in cultivation and segregation of civilian awareness by creating different mythologies of the aspects of SCP-1102’s manifestation. Over ██ of these are in circulation, and are believed to aid in preventing a holistic view of the phenomenon in question from forming.
Special Containment Procedures: Outside of scheduled experiments, instances of SCP-1103 are to be stored in a standard large-volume storage refrigerator in Bio-Containment Unit-23 at a temperature below 5°C.
Special Containment Procedures: Complete destruction of SCP-1104 is endorsed, should adequate means be developed. While individual instances of SCP-1104 are easily terminated, SCP-1104 is endemic to subsurface geological formations in northwestern ████████, rendering the (surmised) primary population of SCP-1104 inaccessible to convenient lethal agents. A surrounding area 10km in diameter has been designated Site-104 and cordoned from the public under guise of endangered species preservation. Personnel must wear N100 air filtration masks while within Site-104. Mammalian organisms exceeding 10kg (other than authorized Foundation personnel) entering Site-104 should be assumed contaminated and incinerated at facilities on-site.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1105 is to be kept in its sealed habitat within Containment Cell 445-b at Bio-Research Area-12 Containment Cell 1332 at Site-██. A size of roughly 2.8 square meters is to be maintained through provision of plant matter grown within a dedicated greenhouse. A temperature of 15.6° C at 5% humidity is to be maintained with an inbuilt climate control system. Air exiting the cell is to be passed through redundant filtration systems. Containment area is sealed from observation deck via double air-lock. Doors are connected to an exterior locking system allowing them to be sealed in case of emergency or containment breach.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1106 is to be kept in a secure containment locker in Site ██. All testing must be approved by Level 3 staff or higher. All uncontained instances of SCP-1106 discovered must immediately be secured and brought into containment.
Special Containment Procedures: Although SCP-1107 cannot be directly contained, it is important that knowledge of SCP-1107 not be released to the public. As SCP-1107 is difficult to receive, cover-up is easily accomplished by the insertion of agents into the United States' National Aeronautics and Space Administration. These agents have been attached to research groups studying the telemetry from the following long distance space probes:
Special Containment Procedures: The first recorded appearance of this phenomenon is dated 19██, filed in Foundation records as an Extranormal Event. However, at least ten repeat-occurrences have since been verified, precipitating numbered status and close observation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1109 is to be stored at a Safe-class storage space at Site-██ as per standard procedure and permission must be obtained from the current Level-2 supervising researcher (currently Dr. ████████) before it may be removed from storage for testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF Gamma-5 ("Red Herrings") is to monitor all police scanner traffic within a 72 kilometer radius of the most recent manifestation of SCP-1110 in order to detect and scramble any potential reports of SCP-1110 activity to law enforcement. Once a report is detected and stopped, Gamma-5 units are to report to the location of origin disguised as local law enforcement as per hush protocol seven and confiscate all footage of SCP-1110. All cash losses incurred are to be replaced through Foundation funds. Special accounts dedicated to loss replacement drawn on private banks have been created and provided to MTF squad leaders accordingly.
Special Containment Procedures: A restricted zone has been established in a 2 km radius around SCP-1111-2; a public statement was released declaring it to be a weather monitoring station. Cameras are suspended from weather balloons, constantly monitoring the enclosure. Individuals may not come within 1km of SCP-1111-2 without explicit written permission from a level 4 researcher or higher. Should SCP-1111-1 move away from SCP-1111-2, all personnel are to evacuate the restricted zone until SCP-1111-1 returns to its position beneath SCP-1111-2.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1112 is to be locked in Containment Cell 1112 at all times. Permission to study SCP-1112 must go through Dr. ██████. As items are fragile, personnel are advised to handle objects with care. No further precautions are necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to it posing no risk when in a passive state, SCP-1113 can be stored in a secure box in a standard containment room. If required for testing it may be signed out for use by Level 3 researchers and above. Any testing involving D-class mortality must be approved in writing by a member of senior staff prior to commencement.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1114 is to be contained in a secured modular locker at Storage Site-12. This locker is to be placed within the perimeter of the compound, at least 75 meters from any other structure or outdoor area accessible to personnel and/or SCPs. SCP-1114 is to be observed by a CCTV camera, the feed from which needs to be analyzed continually by optical image recognition software for potential changes to the SCP-1114's deformable face plating. The camera and the server running this software are to be connected to a backup power supply so that in the event of a power failure, continued surveillance is guaranteed. Weekly maintenance checks of both camera and server are to be executed by authorized technical staff.
Special Containment Procedures: No attempt to capture, intercept, or interfere with SCP-1115 is to be made until further notice. SCP-1115's movement is to be monitored by satellite at all times and by Foundation UAVs trailing at a distance of 50 km. Equatorial weather conditions are to be monitored and Mobile Task Force Upsilon-638 (Phoenix Nest) is to be placed on standby in the event of any phenomena which could result in a disruption of SCP-1115's route. All transmissions of SCP-1115-2 are to be recorded for analysis. In the event of any major deviation from SCP-1115's itinerary, Site 731 is to be evacuated and authorization is granted to execute Procedure Greenbriar at O5 discretion.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1116-1 through -6 and -8 are to be kept in individual 5m x 5m x 3m containment cells at Site-██. Each cell is to be shielded against radio-frequency transmissions of up to ███ W transmissive power with frequencies ranging from █ Mhz to ██ Ghz. All electronic monitoring and communications equipment must be hard-wired with shielded cabling. No wireless communication devices are permitted within ███ m of any instance of SCP-1116. Site-██ is to maintain on "hot-standby" two (2) frequency-agile RF jamming devices of at least ██ kW output, to be activated in case of containment breach by SCP-1116. No specimen of SCP-1116 is permitted above ground at any time unless fully enclosed in a container with the specified shielding. Line-of-sight to the sky must be blocked at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1117-1 is to be stored in a standard secured vault at Site ██. Under no circumstances are personnel to be permitted to enter the chamber or interact with the object. Cases of SCP-1117-3 produced by accidental exposure or testing are to be placed into isolation with minimal contact.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1118-1 is to be locked in a Safe-class inanimate object container at Storage Site-05. Sets of SCP-1118-2 are to be kept in separate locked safeboxes at the same facility. Following incident 1118/I/551201:R and due to the inherent difficulties in tracking related events, only SCP-1118-2-D is to be used in testing procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1119 is to be contained in an M-Type Humanoid Anomaly Containment Cell (HACC) at Site-53. In the event personnel need to enter SCP-1119's cell, they are to wear Level C Hazmat suits to avoid skin-to-skin contact. All requests made by SCP-1119 are to be screened and allowed or denied as per standard Euclid-class humanoid containment protocol. Barring express permission by at least one member of attached Level 3 Research Staff, SCP-1119 is not allowed to leave its cell.
Special Containment Procedures: Each instance of SCP-1120 is to be contained in a standard-size containment cell in the B500-B600 cell block of Containment Area-56. The bricks comprising the walls, ceiling and floor of the cells are to be constructed from a mixture of three parts ground human bone to two parts industrial cement. One armed guard is to be posted to every group of five cells in the block. In the event that SCP-1120 becomes active and breaches containment, personnel are advised to implement Procedure SCP-1120-Epsilon. Under no circumstances should a living human being be permitted to touch an instance of SCP-1120.
Special Containment Procedures: Only two specimens have been collected of SCP-1121, both at initial containment. These are kept in one of Biological Research Site-13's refrigerated biohazard containment cells in a freezing medium composed of 12% dimethylsulphoxide, 20% heat inactivated calf serum and axenic medium at -70 degrees Celsius.
Special Containment Procedures: All roads leading to SCP-1122 are to be sealed off, with two armed guards posted outside SCP-1122 at all times to prevent unauthorized access. No artificial devices invented after 1940 (with the exception of any recording devices, which must be worn discreetly) are to be carried into SCP-1122 without administrator approval. All test subjects must be searched before entry to prevent the introduction of unauthorized items into SCP-1122’s environment.
Special Containment Procedures: To prevent degradation of SCP-1123 and its markings, it is to be kept in a hermetically sealed container in an argon gas atmosphere when not being tested. During testing and storage, light exposure should be limited to 50 lux, temperature between 20 and 24 degrees Celsius, and relative humidity at 55%. SCP-1123 should only be transported in its container, and should not be handled except during a controlled experiment. When not being tested, it will be stored in a secure climate-controlled locker at Site 19.
Special Containment Procedures: All samples delivered are in containment. The distance of █████ from Earth and the conditions on the planet itself render any breach of containment of active instances of SCP-1124 unlikely; these entities have been observed to be exclusively terrestrial. A repeat of the lander incident at █████ Air Force Base is unlikely as no more than one lander and shuttle was stationed at ILYENA at the time of the outbreak. Research drones have revealed that the since missing shuttle is currently eroding on the planet surface.
Special Containment Procedures: Specimens of SCP-1125 are to be locked in opaque storage crates and kept in the SIV (Small Items Vault) at Site-12. In the event of exposure to SCP-1125 outside of testing procedures, any and all personnel affected are to be detained and separated from SCP-1125 for application of class-A amnestics and psychological reconditioning. D-Class personnel used in testing procedures are to be given initial questions specificied in document 1125/D-RegA/extCom:v1.21.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1126 is to remain planted at Bio-Site-68. It is to be tethered by steel cable to 4 concrete pillars moored in the ground around it to prevent it from moving or uprooting itself. It is to be watered at 0900 hours twice weekly. Personnel are neither to encourage nor discourage the claims that SCP-1126 makes.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1127 identified outside of containment are to be investigated by MTF Mu-53 (“Ebert's Thumb”). Physical copies of SCP-1127 are to be seized, and digital copies are to be captured on secure encrypted recording media before being neutralized. Any victims of full SCP-1127 exposure must be evaluated to determine if the effects of SCP-1127 have rendered them an unacceptable threat to the general public. Those deemed an acceptable risk are to be treated with Class-A amnestics and released. (Note: Amnestics have no effect on the symptoms of SCP-1127 exposure.) Those that cannot be released back into the population will be reclassed as D-class personnel or terminated at the site director’s discretion.
Special Containment Procedures: Written descriptions or imagery of SCP-1128's appearance, or videos of the entity "breaching" (see Addendum 1128-3) found outside the Foundation are to be destroyed, and class-C amnestics are to be administered to anyone exposed to such information or showing signs of SCP-1128 contamination. A written description of the entity's appearance is to be kept at Site-██ for experimental purposes only and is not to be read by anyone other than D-class used for testing. If exposed, staff are to report immediately for administration of class-C amnestics. Mobile Containment Force Kappa-12 has been assigned to intercept and redirect any and all water traffic that passes through their designated patrol area by any means necessary (see Addendum 1128-2).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1129 is to be contained in a 3m x 3m x 3m chamber in the High Security wing of Site-83. Due to the nature of SCP-1129, no direct or first-degree indirect viewing methods, such as observation windows or cameras, are allowed within the containment chamber except as authorized by a Level 4 or higher researcher. Visual contact with SCP-1129, whether direct, indirect or recorded, is not allowed except under strictly controlled experimental conditions. SCP-1129's continued presence and status is monitored by ultrasound, as the image produced does not cause the effects typical of observing SCP-1129.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1130 is to be contained within a standard Safe-class protective storage locker at Site-12. Please be advised that D-Class personnel used in testing may exhibit erratic and/or aggressive behavior when exiting SCP-1130-2. A team comprised of one Medical officer with Level 3 clearance and a minimum of two Level 2 security personnel is to be maintained at any test site to detain and if necessary sedate test subjects upon reemergence. Security personnel thus stationed are to carry Daninject Projector Rifles loaded with 3-Quinuclidinyl benzilate darts. To avoid public exposure, testing is to be scheduled between the hours of 02:00 and 05:00 local time and directions are to only be requested for suitably secluded destinations. Civilians witnessing any aspect of testing procedures are to be detained and administered class-A amnestics prior to relocation. Considering currently archived debriefing reports and exploration logs, SCP-1130-2 has been designated a Protean-class dimensional anomaly. Any research or security personnel assigned to SCP-1130 are expected to be familiar with relevant guidelines.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1131 brought into captivity are to be kept in 1m x 1m x 1m acrylic vivariums for the remainder of their lives (usually no more than a few weeks). Persons affected by SCP-1131 (given the group designation SCP-1131-1) are to be kept in a standard persons holding cell for further research.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1132 is to be kept in standard living quarters, furnished with a bed and appropriate religious icon. A facial restraint will be supplied to SCP-1132, to be worn at all times when interacting with personnel. This restraint must cover the mouth completely and immobilize the lower jaw. To facilitate personnel safety, entrance to SCP-1132's chamber should be announced by voice or knocking to give the subject time to don the facial restraint, should it not currently be in use. Should the restraint become dislodged for any reason, unarmored personnel are to maintain a minimum distance of one meter from the subject until the restraint has been replaced. Subject is to be fed one freeze-dried mouse, rehydrated, once per day in its cell. Subject is allowed limited escorted sojourns in the facility where it is housed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1133 is to be kept within a secure testing chamber at Site-███, equipped with one (1) standard power socket. Samples of SCP-1133-X should be stored in an on-site bio-research vault. Both should be guarded by a minimum of one (1) armed personnel at all times in order to prevent unauthorized access.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1134 is contained in Volatile Items Storage Warehouse 14 in a 3m x 3m x 4m room with one exit consisting of a standard reinforced airtight door. All interior surfaces of the containment room are to be coated in SCP-1134-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1135 is located within the boundaries of Site-36. A chain-link fence, 3 metres (m) high, has been constructed around the object, and marks the boundary of the affected area. A narrow ditch, 4m deep, has been dug parallel to, and within, the fence. This ditch is lined with impermeable plastic and filled with dilute hydrochloric acid in order to deter expansion of SCP-1135 past the security perimeter.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1136 specimens are contained in separate 1m x 1m x 0.5m terrariums secured within an isolated, soundproof chamber at Site ██. All fixtures within SCP-1136's containment room must be bolted down or otherwise secured against shifting during a localized directional event. Experimentation with SCP-1136 requires prior permission from at least two (2) Level 3 Senior Researchers, and personnel within SCP-1136's containment area must wear magnetized boots or otherwise be secured against possible shifting.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1138 should be stored inside a safe in Dr. █████'s office in Sector-██. Personnel with Level 2 clearance or higher may access the object for research purposes with Dr. █████'s authorization. Personnel with strong philosophical convictions are to be denied access. Personnel should not dispute the object nor question the correctness of the information contained within.
Special Containment Procedures: By authorization of O5-█, object is housed at Research Area 39. Following Incident 1139-1, object moved to Research Area ██. When not being used for testing, object is to be enclosed in a seventy-five (75) by twenty (20) by twenty (20) centimeter block of rubber, molded into two pieces, with a Faraday cage surrounding the block, placed on a static-free workbench. The containment room for the object shall be made of unreinforced concrete (minimum thickness of three (3) meters) and shall be illuminated at all times by gas lamps. The humidity level shall remain between 70% and 80% at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1140 may be kept in any secure storage area of sufficient size (It is currently in room R.4.13). For accurate and rigorous testing, however, it is required that the object is kept in a room with at least 2 metres of clearance in each direction for movement of testing equipment, and is supported at least 30cm off the ground by 4 clear Perspex rods, one mounted at each corner of the base. The base is to be mounted upon a weighing apparatus which is connected to an alarm; the alarm is to sound if the weight of the object changes by more than 0.4%.1 Endoscopy equipment is to be stored in the storage area’s equipment locker at all times when not in use.
Special Containment Procedures: All public zoos in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont are to be under constant surveillance by personnel at Site-85 and Site-86. Should SCP-1141 occur, the approximate nature and threat level of SCP-1141-1 is to be ascertained as soon as possible, with the nearest branch of Mobile Task Force Gamma-80 (aka "Ecologists") deployed to the zoo in question with all equipment deemed necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1142 is to be contained in a standard non-humanoid holding cell at Site-12. An automated recording system is to monitor SCP-1142 at all times. Two Level 2 members of technical staff are to inspect any recordings made on a daily basis and, in case of a transmission having been picked up, are to provide this transmission to the current translation operative for conversion from its original German into English. A full report is then to be submitted to the current Level 4 project lead as per the protocols for interreality relations. The battery SCP-1142 carries is to be checked on the first of every month for signs of deterioration. SCP-1142's propulsion systems have been disabled to simplify containment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1143 is to be locked in a fitted carrying case kept in a standard Safe-class containment locker. SCP-1143 is not to be worn except during controlled testing performed under the jurisdiction of a Level 3 researcher. Under no circumstances is SCP-1143 allowed to be worn indoors or within sight of any Foundation structures.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1144 currently resides in the fifth storage basement of the Low-Priority Electronic Equipment and Instruments Vault, Row 32C, within a steel foot-locker labelled 'SCP-1144'. Both SCP-1144 and SCP-1144-1 require cleaning once a week, using disinfectant towels. Do not use water to clean either SCP-1144 or SCP-1144-1. Do not press any of the buttons in the process of cleaning SCP-1144. The foot-locker itself does not require maintenance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1145 is to be contained in a 2m x 2m x 2m Borosilicate glass enclosure at least 15cm thick. This enclosure is to be placed in a containment chamber at least 50m x 50m x 29m and monitored for any persons coming within 5m of the chamber. Within this chamber, 10m outside of the object's enclosure, should be two standard human containment cells with basic necessities. (Labeled Containment Chamber 1145-2 and 1145-3, respectively) One Class-D Personnel must occupy each cell at all times for the eventuality that SCP-1145 will enter its active state.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1146 is to be stored in a standard sized containment chamber. Due to SCP-1146's ability to connect to networks, it is not to be allowed contact with any form of external connection, and may only be allowed access to closed on-site networks for the purposes of testing. In the event of site transfer, SCP-1146 must clearly be marked as such to prevent accidental refilling of filament material. No staff are to attempt to refill SCP-1146's filament material under any circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: All specimens of SCP-1147 are to be stored in separate planters in a 10m x 30m x 5m greenhouse located above ground on the premises of Sector 28. 3 liters of water should be added to each planter every 7 days.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1148 is to remain situated on the window hereafter referred to as SCP-1148-1. To this end, SCP-1148-1 is to be embedded in a wall dividing a standard containment room in two. Illumination of no less than 100W is to be provided in the entrance division of the room, while the second division is to remain unlit. In case of power loss, chemiluminescent sources sufficient for 24 hours are mandated. Illumination between the room’s sections must never fall below a difference of 75W.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1149 is to be kept in a secure room at the west-most end of Site 37, located in a remote location on the northwest coast in the United States. To minimize the conspicuousness of its effects, SCP-1149 is to be pointed due west toward the Pacific Ocean at all times (see Incident Report 1149-A). It is to be firmly attached to its support structure, which is itself to be anchored to the floor. Accelerometric and atmospheric sensors attached to the support structure will transmit readings to a nearby monitoring center.
Special Containment Procedures: All newly-identified instances of SCP-1150 must be cataloged and subject to biannual re-confirmation, as per the safe category tracking procedures of the Aegis Protocol. All SCP-1150 manifesting in D-class personnel should be housed in standard isolation cells or in dormitories containing only other instances of SCP-1150. Outside of approved testing procedures, D-class SCP-1150 must not be permitted prolonged (greater than 15 seconds) touch contact with other humans or sentient animals via skin contact or through thin or conductive fabrics. Note that this is a cautionary measure only, as SCP-1150 can transfer to unwilling or unaware subjects only in unusual circumstances, such as those delineated in the SCP-1150 research log.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1151 is currently contained in Storage Unit ██, located in Site ██. SCP-1151 is to be kept in a 10cm x 10cm sealed container and kept under guard by one (1) security officer at all times. Any personnel handling SCP-1151 in any way must wear protective gloves while doing so.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1152 is to be kept in a solitary habitat in the Site-98 Animal Housing Wing. SCP-1152 is to be given 5kg of feed meeting its nutritional standards, detailed in document SCP-1152-NI, laced with 25mg Venlafaxine. SCP-1152 is to be examined once every two months by an onsite veterinarian following repeated health issues. Access to SCP-1152 is reserved to Level 3 personnel only.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1153 is stored in a purpose-built storage area at Storage Site-██ when not used for testing purposes. Permission to access SCP-1153 must be requested from the current Level-2 staff member responsible for supervision of SCP-1153 (currently Dr. █████). Instances of SCP-1153 and 1153-2 are not to be stored while connected, and SCP-1153-2 must be stored in a depowered state. SCP-1153-2 is never to be left connected to SCP-1153 for more than twenty-five minutes at any one time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1154 is to be contained in Storage Unit ██, located at Site ██. SCP-1154 is to be contained in a 15cm x 15cm sealed container. SCP-1154 is to be kept under guard by one (1) security officer at all times. Viewing of SCP-1154 must be conducted by members of D-class personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1155 is currently contained in a disused parking lot adjacent to an abandoned shopping centre in the ███ █████ city metropolitan area. The building is to be marked condemned, and access to both it and the car park should be restricted by Foundation personnel posing as security guards from the █████████ ████ front company. Civilians are to be deterred from entering the site and supplied with Standard Cover Story 47 – “Structural Instability/Sinkhole” if they enquire as to why; SCP-1155 must be kept under constant observation by motion-tracking security cameras. If SCP-1155 is observed to vanish, Mobile Task Force Pi-1 ("City Slickers") should be notified immediately. Personnel should not routinely attempt to view SCP-1155 directly; observation must be conducted remotely.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1156 is to be housed in a stable adjacent to the Secure Outdoor Testing Facility at Site 73, and is to be provided with food, water, bedding, grooming, and veterinary care appropriate to a non-anomalous animal of its species. SCP-1156's stable is to be cleaned daily. SCP-1156 may be allowed supervised access to the Secure Outdoor Testing Facility for exercise and grazing purposes during daylight hours when no testing is scheduled. Any clothing changes exhibited by SCP-1156 are to be documented and monitored.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1157 are to be kept in separate 3m x 2m x 3m quarters connected to a secure common area in Sector-07. Curfew is to be enforced at 11pm EST every evening until 6am the following morning. Security must consist of 12 armed guards trained in crowd suppression. SCP-1157-1 is to be kept in isolated quarters not connected to the main containment area.
Special Containment Procedures: The 14 8 specimens of SCP-1158 in captivity are housed at Site 19, Hazardous Lifeforms Wing, in a 50m x 50m x 10m Lexan enclosure containing a rainforest habitat transplanted from its natural surroundings. Habitat temperature will be maintained at 30° C; embedded misting systems will regulate humidity levels at 70%. Full-spectrum retractable sensor pods are embedded at 10m intervals in a grid pattern throughout the enclosure to observe behavior and feeding. The enclosure will be accessed through a positive pressure airlock for enclosure and habitat maintenance. Said maintenance will be performed weekly by a team of three Level 1 personnel equipped with Tyvek exposure suits with scent-masking apparatus, accompanied by six MTF operatives armed with standard-issue M1014 shotguns. Open flames are forbidden within SCP-1158's habitat. Feeding of SCP-1158 will occur once every 21 days. Prey item will consist of one (1) live adult pig sheep (Ovis aries).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1160 is currently contained via Foundation Protocol Tango-77. Foundation assets are to maintain surveillance of SCP-1160's area of captivity. Changes in the behaviour or appearance of SCP-1160 are to be reported to the off-site containment team at Site 95.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1161 is to be stored in a display case in a locked testing room along with a computer (for transcription) under constant surveillance at Research Sector-██. After its daily transformation, Dr. ██████ is to remove the object from its display case and transcribe the entirety of SCP-1161's contents. When transcription is finished, SCP-1161 is to be closed properly and returned to its display case. Under no circumstances is anyone to handle SCP-1161 in any way before Dr. ██████ has completed his duties regarding the object. Any changes regarding SCP-1161 not at its regularly scheduled time are to be immediately reported to Dr. ██████.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1162 is currently contained in a standard 5x5x5 meter chamber at Site 31. SCP-1162 must be activated at least once weekly to prevent a containment breach; if it is not activated, it randomly shifts location, as detailed below.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1163 is to be contained in a 3.5 by 3.5 meter cell containing a small bed, and a nailed-down lamp. Food and water will be supplied periodically through a secured dumbwaiter, but sugary foods are only to be given as rewards for cooperation. SCP-1163 is only to be directly visited under authorized research or psychological evaluation.(see Addendum 1163-B). When meeting Foundation Staff, both the staff member and SCP-1163 must be contained before meeting, to prevent a containment breach caused by SCP-1163’s anomalous properties. All other verbal interaction with SCP-1163 is to be performed through the intercom system.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1164 is to be contained in a sealed chamber at Site ██, placed atop a steel platform 1m off the floor. All surfaces of the containment chamber must be composed of stainless steel over a brick support interior, as should all construction within a 50m radius. No samples of worked stone, unworked stone, or concrete should be brought within SCP-1164's containment radius.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1165 is to remain permanently closed to civilian traffic. Both entrances to SCP-1165 are to be fenced and marked with quarantine signs, in English and Spanish, warning of high concentrations of toxic contaminants. Plainclothes security personnel are to monitor entrances and act as necessary to discourage unauthorized entrance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1166 is to be contained in Animal Testing Laboratory 51F at Site-23. SCP-1166 is to be maintained in accordance with established care and feeding protocols for Rattus norvegicus, and housed in an appropriate enclosure.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1167 and any related objects are to be stored in a 3m x 3m x 3m chamber at Site-1167-2. Each is to be kept in a locked case equipped with a security camera.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1168 is stored within a hermetically sealed containment unit in Sector-19. Personnel assigned to Sector-19 must not fit Profile Alpha-1168 (see Addendum 1) or Profile Beta-1168 (see Addendum 2).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1169 is kept in an air-tight steel protective container with shaped foam rubber padding to prevent damage. SCP-1169 is to be treated as biohazardous material. All subjects contaminated by SCP-1169-1 and all resulting offspring are to be terminated and incinerated as biologically hazardous material after useful observations have been exhausted. Assignment preference will be given to staff who are irreversibly infertile.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the incorporeal nature of SCP-1170-2, it cannot be moved to a safe distance from local residents. As such, Area-1170 has been built around SCP-1170-1. The entire apartment complex has been blocked off; however, due to its rather public location, Foundation personnel are required to maintain disguises when in view.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1171 is currently occupied by Dr. ██████, who has established a false identity as a technical writer. A tall wall has been erected around the backyard, and all anomalous windows visible from the front of the house have been fitted with shutters. For security, several agents have moved in under the guise of lodgers.
Special Containment Procedures: The item may be stored in any standard low security storage room with sign in/out protocols in place. Testing may be performed in situ; if the item is to be transported the bag should be tightly closed using the drawstring and a sealing clip, and the bag be placed upright into a foam lined case to prevent risk of the tiles becoming separated from the bag. Strong sealing clips are to be left in the nearest guard's office to secure the mouth of the bag during transport.
Special Containment Procedures: Knowledge of the existence of the IDAS is to be promulgated into as many databases and reputable sources at earliest convenience. This spread of information is to include online and print sources; containment of SCP-1173 will be considered complete when information regarding the IDAS is present in as many scholarly databases, media outlets, and literature as is possible. Active attempts to contain SCP-1173 are suspended at this time; please consult Addendum SCP-1173-A for details. Three (3) D-class personnel infected with SCP-1173 are to be kept at Site 26 for limited testing purposes; any unauthorized use of the operative phrase for SCP-1173 treatment outside of testing protocols is to result in termination and replacement.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation is to liaise with the National Weather Service during SCP-1174-1's active season each year and monitor the development of meteorological phenomena which may contribute to onset of SCP-1174-1 events. Whenever weather conditions favorable to SCP-1174-1 exist, Foundation personnel embedded within the United States Coast Guard and Canadian Coast Guard are to assist in monitoring radio communication from civilian vessels in the active region for any reports of SCP-1174-1 sightings. Civilians spotting SCP-1174-1 are to be instructed not to attempt to approach, communicate with, or render assistance to any instance of SCP-1174-1.
Special Containment Procedures: Due both to its current immobility and public appearance, SCP-1175 can only be contained in a limited fashion on-site. A mobile observation outpost (designated OP-1175-1) is to be maintained at the edge of effect, changing locations at least once within each twenty-four (24) hour period.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1176 is to be kept within the sarcophagus it was recovered in, fully submerged in SCP-1176-1, in a secure, climate-controlled observation room at Site 73. SCP-1176 is not to be removed from SCP-1176-1 for any period of time longer than is necessary to conduct essential research or replace monitoring equipment, in no case exceeding six hours. SCP-1176 is to be monitored by EEG at all times when not fully submerged in SCP-1176-1 for any sudden changes in brain activity. Any unexpected changes in SCP-1176-1 production are to be noted. Excess SCP-1176-1 is to be drained from the sarcophagus using the attached faucet, once per day or as necessary to prevent overflow, and is to be destroyed or sent for testing immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1177 is currently housed in the containment quarters of Site 40. A staffed closed-circuit camera monitors SCP-1177 at all times. If SCP-1177 attempts to practice self-harm, alert the head researcher as soon as possible. Per standard humanoid containment precautions, personnel are to be searched before entering SCP-1177's chamber. Personnel are subject to an additional search upon exiting the chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: An area of exclusion has been created around SCP-1178's active area. Any human or vehicle entering this area is to be immediately terminated or destroyed. Security personnel patrolling this area from the ground must maintain a state of radio silence at all times. Aircraft patrolling the area must never move closer than 2 kilometers to SCP-1178's area of exclusion. Observational equipment must pre-date 1938, and be constantly manned by Foundation personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1179 is apparently dormant, encased in the bedrock under Research Site-██. Apart from simple monitoring and standard research safety protocols, no additional containment is deemed necessary at this time. [Edited, 05/██/1962]
Special Containment Procedures: A security camera has been mounted near the transplantation site; footage should be reviewed for changes on a weekly basis. Hardhats are mandatory for those working in close proximity to SCP-1180. All instances of fallen or new growths should be promptly reported to the head of Botanical Research.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-916 is situated 100 meters from the northern edge of SCP-1181. Patrol teams monitor the perimeter of SCP-1181 and any civilians that come near the perimeter of SCP-1181 are to be escorted away by personnel posing as game preserve rangers. An ultrasonic deterrent device is to remain active near the center of SCP-1181, to prevent activation. The device's full strength range is 300 meters, and weakens until ineffectual at 500 meters. The ultrasonic deterrent and its backup generator is to have daily maintenance checks to ensure it is functioning properly. All staff working within the range of the ultrasonic deterrent are to be equipped with sound negating equipment. Site-916 also contains SCP-1181-1, which is kept in secure containment room 916-4, for low risk objects. Access to SCP-1181-1 is restricted to level 4 personnel and above.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1182 is essentially harmless and as such is to be contained in a standard locker. Because of the object’s unique mental effects, usage of it is not permitted unless at least one Level 2/1182 clearance staff member is present.
Special Containment Procedures: The airspace in a 25km radius around SCP-1183 is designated a no-fly zone. Any unauthorized aircraft or seagoing vessels entering this radius are to be informed that they are entering a military exclusion zone and rerouted. Aircraft or vessels which do not heed this warning are to be intercepted and detained.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1184 is stored in a secure locker at Site ██. Access to SCP-1184 requires Level 4 Level 5 authorization and a complete test script. While SCP-1184 is in use, no fewer than two armed guards wearing purpose-built soundproof headgear with an external audio feed and recording hardware, and thus able to hear the test without being subject to SCP-1184's effects, will monitor the test to ensure that the script is followed. Any deviation from the script will result in detainment or termination.
Special Containment Procedures: All currently known instances of SCP-1185 are to be maintained in storage at Site ██, with the exception of SCP-1185-3, which will remain installed in its original location and must be monitored at all times. Instances of SCP-1185 in storage are to be isolated from soil and other organic mediums at all times. Soil and organic media used in testing must be isolated from outside contact until the instance of SCP-1185 undergoing testing is removed from the area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1186 instances under Foundation custody are to be held in individual Insect Containment Units at Site-██. Each unit is to be constructed to resemble the human auditory system. The maximum number of SCP-1186 instances permitted in Foundation captivity is 140; excess instances are to be incinerated. 140 additional units are to be made available as reserve habitats for SCP-1186 instances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1187 is to be stored in a remote, above-ground enclosure 5km from Site 19 with a staff of 2 armed guards and 1 Level 1 researcher. SCP-1187 should remain inverted upon its transportation trailer at all times when not being tested. The subject's ignition key, designated SCP-1187-1, is to be stored in the office of the Level 3 director at Site 19 overseeing SCP-1187, and is available upon written request.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1188 is stored in a secure locker in Site-██ with its batteries removed. SCP-1188's batteries may not be inserted within 100m of Site-██'s outer walls, and all testing is to be performed at least this distance from any personnel or structures not involved in testing, and under no circumstances should SCP-1188 be pointed at a living organism unless this is specifically part of a test. SCP-1188's batteries are to be promptly removed at the conclusion of testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1189 is to be kept in a soundproofed steel box measuring one (1) meter by one (1) meter by one (1) meter. Testing of SCP-1189 should be performed in a soundproofed room, with at least two (2) armed guards stationed outside at all times. Personnel in contact with SCP-1189, as well as security personnel present during testing, must be equipped with earplugs or other sound-dampening devices with a Sound Transmission Class of forty (40) or above. [NOTE: NO LONGER IN EFFECT. See Addendum 013-01]
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1190 is to be contained in a secured, temperature-controlled observation room. The observation room must provide accommodations for long term living, to include a cot for sleeping, a restroom, and a food preparation area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1191 is to be stored in an opaque Type IV Safe-class containment locker at Sector-28. Neither it nor its locker is to be handled in any way except as necessary for testing. If the object must be moved, the entire locker is to be relocated by a team of Class-D personnel, all of whom must be given every reason to believe that the locker is empty. The locker is to be dehumidified and protected from insect and fungal infestation, and the object should be given regular visual-only checks for deterioration.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1192 is contained in a dedicated aviary and is to be provided a diet of fruit supplemented with protein and vitamin additives, as it refuses to consume seeds and insects that are a part of a normal diet for its species. SCP-1192 is to be provided with several pencils and pages of paper to allow it to communicate.
Special Containment Procedures: The borehole containing SCP-1193-01 is to be capped with a tungsten steel grate containing a locking 2.5cm endoscopy aperture. At 48-hour intervals, the borehole is to be endoscopically inspected to a depth of 4km for further manifestations of SCP-1193-01. Seismographic monitoring devices are posted at 2, 7, and 11 kilometer depths alongside the SCP-1193-01 borehole. Seismic readings consistent with subterranean movement are to be reported immediately to Site Director Iqbal. In the event of subterranean containment breach, containment staff are to execute Protocol 473a, severing SCP-1193-01 below the fifth elbow and backfilling remaining portions of the borehole with pressurized concrete.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1194-1 is to be kept in a secured storage locker in Research Sector-12 when not in use. Deactivation of SCP-1194 is to be initiated through the termination of the active SCP-1194-2-T subject or, if more convenient, the SCP-1194-2 instance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1195 is to be stored in a standard Safe-class storage locker. The locker is to be locked by keypad, the combination known to the current head researcher, and changed in the event of a new researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: The building formerly housing the ███████ █████████ Back Clinic and SCP-1196 has been repurposed as a Foundation front business. The entrance to the basement has been replaced by a reinforced steel door and is to be triple locked. The unlocking codes are only available for access by level 3 personnel and higher. If SCP-1196's area of effect appears to have shifted in any way, the Site Director should be contacted immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1197 is to be fitted with a Foundation issue keycard lock designed to match neighboring units. Management has been instructed to inform both staff and guests that SCP-1197 is indefinitely inaccessible.
Special Containment Procedures: A single copy of SCP-1198 is stored in the High Security Data server of Site 19. It is stored in a password-protected subsystem that is only accessible by Level 3 or higher researchers assigned to SCP-1198. When used for experimental procedures, all personnel involved other than the intended subject are to wear hearing protection sufficient to block sound up to 70 dB in volume. SCP-1198 is only ever to be played in a sound-proofed room designed to minimize echoes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1199 is kept in its original container in a medium security containment locker; accessible for research purposes by Level 2 or higher Sector-25 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Discovery and seizure of SCP-1200 are performed by FDA under CFR Title 21. Once in the possession of FDA, the recovered samples are to be replaced by non-anomalous duplicates and transferred to Site-197.
Special Containment Procedures: A 50 m perimeter around area 1201 is to be maintained at all times. Testing into the nature of SCP-1201-2 is to be done promptly and without hindrance to the route of SCP-1201-2 to prevent a possible containment breach of SCP-1201-3.
Special Containment Procedures: The subject exposed to SCP-1202 is to be quarantined from other site staff and personnel unless outfitted with clothing completely covering their entire body. A skin suit is equipped to the exposed subject after transfer of SCP-1202. The afflicted subject is to transfer ‘access’ to SCP-1202 to one other test subject before termination or death. It is recommended SCP-1202 be tested on D-Class already scheduled for termination.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1203 is assigned to a 3m x 2m x 2m containment cell. The living space at Site-17 is outfitted with steel walls and one solid barred door that locks from the outside. There is to be one guard on duty at all times near the cell to ensure SCP-1203 does not attempt a self-termination or auto-abort. It is recommended the subject be dosed persistently with the prescribed anti-psychotic medicines and mild narcotics to avoid this possibility. These medicines will be replaced with restraints during SCP-1203's pregnancies. SCP-1203 is to be restrained at times when not under supervision. At no time is SCP-1203 allowed to leave Site-17.
Special Containment Procedures: Deceased specimens of SCP-1204 are stored within Site-77. As SCP-1204 does not survive in captivity or any other domestic environment, any instances identified in the wild are to be observed by mobile Foundation research teams and facilitated by Mobile Task Force Pi-1 "City Slickers". Ethics Committee guidelines suggest any SCP-1204 hosts should be euthanized after concluding relevant research.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1205 should be kept in a windowless containment cell with low light, facing a surveillance camera. Air quality tests should be performed on a monthly basis, and the atmosphere adjusted to prevent mold formation.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents are to construct billboards advertising a Foundation-owned local restaurant chain in the event site of SCP-1206 near the town of ██████. Testing with subjects previously exposed to SCP-1206 has revealed that SCP-1206 cannot generate its effect if the view of the event site is impeded in any way.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1207 is to be wrapped in opaque cloth, and contained within a standard inanimate-objects locker. In accordance with standard protocol for direct-exposure line-of-sight cognitohazards, SCP-1207 is to be kept under constant real-time video surveillance whenever it is removed from its locker for any purpose (maintenance, analysis, experimentation, etc.).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1208 is to be kept in secure item storage at Site-19. Researchers wishing to perform experiments with SCP-1208 using human or animal subjects must present a detailed test plan to the Lead Researcher for approval.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1209-1 instances are to be contained in standard humanoid containment cells at Site-██. They are to be fed meals three times a day. SCP-1209-1 instances are to be allowed to submit requests for entertainment or comfort materials which do not compromise security, within reason, as a reward for good behaviour. Socialisation with assigned Foundation staff is allowed, and encouraged in order to improve psychological well-being, but instances are not allowed to come into contact with each other.
Special Containment Procedures: A Foundation laboratory ship as well as two patrol ships are stationed in the region surrounding SCP-1210 at a range of no less than 10 km. As SCP-1210-2 remains active, expeditions to or experimentation with SCP-1210 for more than five (5) hours after a recorded emission event may only be performed with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 4 Personnel. Infrared and visible-light photography by the next over-passing surveillance satellite must be scheduled immediately after a recorded emission event.
Special Containment Procedures: A perimeter of 50 meters is to be maintained around SCP-1211 at all times. Any civilians approaching this perimeter are to be redirected away from the site with fabricated reports of danger in and around the structure. No male personnel over the age of 35 are to be allowed to enter the premises under any circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1212 is kept in a 5m x 5m x 3m containment cell at Site-██. Experimentation may only be performed with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 3 personnel, and the room is to be cleared of any residual body fluids or other detritus immediately after testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1213 is to be strapped immobile in a locked shipping container, stored in Sector-25. SCP-1213 is not to be allowed within 20 meters of juvenile mammals weighing between 15 and 50 kilograms, except for testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: The laptop computer containing SCP-1214 (designated 1214-L1), and all its peripherals are to be kept in a standard laptop case in a secure locker in the Computer Science Department of Site-33. No testing is to be performed on SCP-1214 without the authorization of the Senior CSD Administrator, Dr G. Wilson.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1215 must be contained within a locked room pursuant standard Level 2 (Moderate Threat), Type 3 (Visual Stimuli), Mind-Altering Protocols. Access requires written approval.
Special Containment Procedures: A base of operations, Site-144, has been established surrounding SCP-1216-1. Instances of SCP-1216 may be retrieved at a limit of three per day. In the event of explorations into SCP-1216-2, personnel are to be equipped with Environmental Protection Ensemble 12 (Desert).
Special Containment Procedures: A barbed-wire fence with a single gate to allow authorised access is to be maintained in an area surrounding SCP-1217’s active zone, around which several chemical hazard signs are to be placed in clear view. Multiple CCTV cameras are to be set up in a perimeter around SCP-1217’s active zone, monitored by a nearby Observation Post (OP 1217-Alpha). A minimum of two guards are to be present at this station at all times. Any unauthorised individuals attempting to enter SCP-1217 are to be detained, interviewed and – if they present no clear threat – released after being provided with a Class-C amnestic.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1218-1 are to be kept within specially fitted crates in protected storage wing L-03 of Site 28. Most instances of SCP-1218-1 are fragile and care should be taken when retrieving, transporting, and storing them. Due to the potential for information leaks, instances of SCP-1218-1 must remain covered when in presence of any sensitive Foundation material.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1219 is to be contained within a sealed area (min. size 2m3, max. size 5m3) in complete darkness (light level ≤ .0001 lux), situated at least 1 kilometer from any other occupied dark area. This chamber should be outfitted with overhead lighting controlled by an external switch.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1220 is to be contained in three (3) compact cassette cases, clearly marked with their designation. The cases will be sealed with tamper evident tape, and stored in a locking drawer along with all research notes pertaining to them.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1221 is non-hazardous and contained in a Anomalous Vehicle Containment Bay at Site-██. Cleaning and maintenance is to be performed monthly; personnel are only permitted to enter SCP-1221 for these purposes and entrance is restricted to D-class.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1222 is to be locked in a 60 x 60 x 60 cm hard plastic container with foam inner-lining to hold it in place. Container can be found inside locker ██ in the storage area of Site-4. If container is damaged in any way, contact administration for replacement. Personnel with Level 1 clearance or higher may access the object for research purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1223 is to be stored in a standard containment crate in the on-site warehouse of Site ██. SCP-1223 is to remain in an unpowered state when not undergoing approved testing. When undergoing testing requiring a powered state, SCP-1223 must be secured in a sealed testing area and monitored via video surveillance. While in a powered state, only D-Class personnel may directly view SCP-1223.
Special Containment Procedures: All acquired instances of SCP-1224 must be contained in separate blast chambers in the Hazardous Materials Wing of Site 37, with the exception of any acquired instruction booklets, which are to be scanned into the onsite secure database and subsequently destroyed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1225 is kept within its original packing, including styrofoam padding, in an isolated room measuring 15 m x 15 m x 15 m at Site 37. SCP-1225 is kept in a locked stainless steel box on a concrete pedestal that is protected from the elements, in a 25 m x 25 m roofless containment area open to the air in at least a 180 degree arc.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1226 is to be hung on the wall of a standard containment chamber, and access restricted to testing personnel. SCP-1226 may be safely observed remotely or piecemeal; its anomalous properties manifest only when it is viewed in person and in its entirety. A 6 cm x 6 cm square of opaque black plastic has been positioned in the upper left corner of SCP-1226, to be removed for testing purposes. Only D-class personnel are permitted to view SCP-1226 uncovered. Special security precautions are to be taken when exposing subjects to SCP-1226, as post-exposure subjects exhibit heightened aggression, endurance, and physical strength. Post-exposure subjects are to be terminated at the conclusion of testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1227 is to be kept in a concrete chamber 30m X 30m X 5m, only accessible through a double airlock system. All researchers wishing to investigate SCP-1227 must wear regulation biohazard suits with an enclosed onboard oxygen supply. The chamber contains a 20m-wide red circle painted on the floor, henceforth referred to as the ‘safe zone’. Before Airlock D is opened, SCP-1227 will be instructed to move to the center of the safe zone. Throughout our interactions with SCP-1227, it has been noted that SCP-1227 is relatively docile and will usually submit to these requests; however, its co-operation should not be taken for granted and Airlock D will not be opened until it is fully within the safe zone. Due to SCP-1227's passive nature and severely limited mobility, safety outside the safe zone is usually assured. Under no circumstances should any personnel or other biological material enter the safe zone, or engage in physical contact with SCP-1227.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation Agents are to infiltrate all major Internet service providers to ensure civilian access to SCP-1228 is blocked. Any personnel accessing SCP-1228 for testing purposes is to be accompanied by at least one Researcher, and must submit to mandatory psychological evaluation afterwards. (Access to SCP-1228 outside of testing purposes is now strictly forbidden. See Incident 1228-A for further details.)
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1229 are to be saved on the Site-28 Secure Server and cataloged in the Research File. Access to SCP-1229 files is to be conducted in accordance with standard Foundation electronic information security protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1230 is to be kept in a secure storage locker at Site-12. Access requires minimum Clearance 2 with authorization and supervision by Clearance 3 research and security staff respectively. Supervising personnel are not to view SCP-1230's contents. Personnel accessing SCP-1230 are required to submit written accounts of dreams experienced within 48 hours of access. (See Addendum-1230-A) SCP-1230 has been relocated to a secure storage locker behind the desk of Site-12's main library. Access is available to Clearance 2 personnel deemed to be in satisfactory psychological condition by site psychiatric staff. Personnel accessing SCP-1230 must submit written accounts of their dreams within 48 hours of access and submit to follow-up psychological examination.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1231 is contained in an unlit vault, dimensions 0.6 m x 0.8 m x 0.2 m, located in Site-20. Guards are posted outside of the vault, denying access to all personnel without direct and confirmed Level 5 authorization. A video camera is installed in the vault, taking a live feed of SCP-1231.1 This video is in turn fed through a specially designed program, displaying only the number of thumbnails and if there is a significant error. Access to the raw feed is strictly prohibited. A mouse is located near the terminal, but remains disconnected under normal circumstances. New personnel assigned to SCP-1231 must be hand-picked specifically for testing purposes. However, testing is currently suspended.
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-1232 are to be kept in cryogenic storage on Bio-Research Site-21. While experimentation upon SCP-1232 is permitted, experimental proposals need to be validated by a researcher of valid 2/1232 clearance beforehand due to limited supply
As of 12.03.1963, a process was devised to replicate SCP-1232 with reasonable efficiency (See Document 1232-Rho); as such, experimental proposals only require validation if it would be ordinarily required by the SCP Foundation Requisition Guidelines, sections C 1-7 and H 1-5. - Dr. Mihnea, Section Head
As the time required for a majority of SCP-1232 testing greatly exceeds one month, D-class personnel involved in testing of SCP-1232 is exempt from monthly termination by default.
Due to resistance of SCP-1232 to high temperatures, any items suspected of SCP-1232 contamination must be decontaminated by immersion in 1 molar NaOH solution, and subsequent heating in a gravity-displacement autoclave to 121 degrees Celsius for 30 minutes, followed by sterilization as usual. (See Document 1232-Sigma for a complete list of approved procedures where the stated is not appropriate)
Personnel manipulating SCP-1232 samples are to use Level-A hazardous materials protective clothing manufactured to standards outlined in Document 1232-Sigma.
Special Containment Procedures: Ownership of the building housing SCP-1234, designated Site 602, is currently held by a Foundation front company. All other former tenants of Site 602 have been evicted. The Foundation is to liaise with local government and business interests to prevent any attempts to purchase, redevelop, or condemn Site 602. Plainclothes security personnel are to monitor SCP-1234 when inactive to prevent unauthorized access.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1235 currently occupies a laboratory desk in Examination Room 3, which has been converted into a containment cell. SCP-1235 should be kept under high-resolution video surveillance and any developments catalogued. Any expansion of the Austrian installations around SCP-1235 or other macroscopic activity should be considered a breach attempt in progress and the area locked down immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1236 1 to 4 are to be draped with black, light-blocking fabric and kept in locked cases when not being studied. These cases may be stored in the same storage area. The locks securing each case will be individually keyed. Upon removal from the case, any of SCP-1236 1 to 4 will be placed upon a floor-mounted easel, still draped in the black fabric. Only when the set-up team is safely behind the paintings, will the black fabric covers be pulled back to reveal the images painted upon the canvas.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its pandemic and incorporeal nature, SCP-1237 cannot be contained in a traditional sense. Containment of SCP-1237 at this time shall be focused on information management and on identification and containment of SCP-1237-1-positive individuals.
Special Containment Procedures: Any wild colonies of SCP-1238 are to be destroyed as soon as possible until such time as SCP-1238 can be reduced to and maintained at pre-1850 population levels. The Foundation shall liaise with the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration, and with other oceanographic research institutes as necessary, to track SCP-1238 movements and attempt to locate entrances to SCP-1238 tunnels. Any tunnel discovered should have its entrance sealed by any means necessary that will not result in seismic instability until such time as a means of completely filling in existing tunnels or rendering them structurally stable is developed.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-███ has been established around SCP-1239-2. When not in use for testing, SCP-1239-1 and removable instances of SCP-1239-3 are to be kept outside of SCP-1239-2 in dedicated storage lockers to prevent accidental activation. SCP-1239-2 should be soundproofed, with all windows obscured from the outside.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1241 is to be overridden with a localised signal produced by Transmission Stations 1241-a and 1241-b, broadcasting a pre-recorded series of television programmes. A cover story regarding the production of SCP-1241 by a local studio has been circulated in case of containment failure. In order to continually monitor the content of SCP-1241, an apparatus is to be maintained to isolate and record it. Please refer to Document 1241-B for further information.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1242 is to be contained in two adjoining rooms measuring 2m x 2m x 3m capable of sustaining quarantine for a Category A, UN 2814 biohazard. The rooms should be separated by an airlock. All access to subject is to be limited to a single entry point equipped with remote handling, clean room, decontamination, and quarantine facilities. Remote handling is to be used when interacting with SCP-1242 whenever possible. Level A biohazard suits are required for all non-test subjects physically interacting with SCP-1242.
Special Containment Procedures: No methods of effectively containing SCP-1243 have been developed as of this time of writing. The prevention of public knowledge of SCP-1243 is top priority, and will be maintained through a number of web crawler programs designed to track down, delete, and record instances of the URL leading to SCP-1243-1. Foundation agents are undercover in several law enforcement agencies worldwide, especially those that handle missing persons' cases, to find possible instances of individuals using SCP-1243.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1244 is currently contained in lock box ██-█ in Site ██. SCP-1244 is currently under observation in storage room ██, which shares a wall with the D-Class cafeteria kitchen. Under no circumstances should the top button be pushed outside of supervised testing procedure.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Zeta-4, "Ahab's Antagonists", are currently tracking SCP-1245's movements aboard the Foundation ship SCPS Archimedes. The Archimedes is disguised as a destroyer from the US Navy, allegedly pursuing illegal whalers. Local naval officials are to be informed of the presence of illegal whalers in the area and reroute commercial and private traffic accordingly.
Special Containment Procedures: Site 1246 has been constructed around SCP-1246 in order to maintain secrecy, house personnel assigned to SCP-1246, and prevent accumulation of fauna.
Special Containment Procedures: In the event of a containment breach, SCP-1247 is to be treated as a physically normal, untrained human hostile. Personnel are warned that SCP-1247 is psychologically unstable and cannot distinguish between organisms. Use of lethal force to detain SCP-1247 is not authorised.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1248 may be kept in a standard containment locker at Site 20, along with all cassette tapes that it has recorded. SCP-1248 is to be tested only in a soundproof room with a separate observation area.
Special Containment Procedures: As of this writing, SCP-1249 is contained in Sector-██. Subject is to be contained in a 6 m x 6 m airtight BSL-4 containment cell with two-stage airlock, observed via closed-circuit surveillance camera at all times. The pressure inside SCP-1249 cell should be kept at 70 kilopascals. The cell is to be fitted with a bed, a bathroom with a contained plumbing system, a filtered air vent, and an observation window. Lighting in the containment cell should be limited to 30 candelas at all times. Subject is to be given 500 grams of raw meat, two kilograms of live invertebrates, and one kilogram of plant matter three times a day. SCP-1249's containment cell is to be cleaned and disinfected at least twice daily by personnel wearing level-A hazmat suits.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1250 is to be kept in a large double-lock safe, in a fire-proof enclosure at Site-██. SCP-1250's storage container is not to be opened by anyone without level three (3) clearance or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the quasi-random movement of SCP-1251 and its presence on public roads, embedded agents in the local emergency services and the UK Highways Agency have been instructed to act as liaison with on-site personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1252 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber large enough to also contain its designated life support system. SCP-1252 is to be attended to by a team of medical personnel in a manner detailed in Treatment Schedule 1252-L. SCP-1252 is to receive nutrition through intravenous therapy as detailed in Treatment Schedule 1252-L until the subject's digestive system is deemed functional.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Omicron-19 ('Flash Lightning') is currently assigned to the tracking, observation and recovery of SCP-1253-1 instances. All exposed subjects are monitored for correlations, all witnesses are administered Class-C amnestics and all compromising media is destroyed.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1255 are to be preserved in an airtight container and kept in a freezer unit maintained at a temperature of -17°C. All containers storing SCP-1255 instances must be clearly labeled that they are not for consumption. In the event personnel are found to have consumed SCP-1255, medical staff should be immediately contacted for an emergency expulsion of stomach contents to prevent conversion into SCP-1255-1.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Zeta-4 ('Beekeepers') is currently assigned to the tracking and recovery of SCP-1256 instances. All exposed subjects are to be administered counter-memetic therapy and Class-C amnestics prior to release. Media Division 19-P is to monitor internet media for SCP-1256 instances in the form of websites and downloadable files. Any online SCP-1256 instances are to be pulled, and the source traced.
Special Containment Procedures: All copies of SCP-1257, encompassing all instances of SCP-1257-1, SCP-1257-2, and SCP-1257-3, are to be kept in the secure media vault at Site-██. Any uncontained copies of SCP-1257 are to be recovered or destroyed by MTF Mu-53 (“Ebert's Thumb”). Because of the nature of the original appearance of SCP-1257, and its widespread exposure to the public, MTF Mu-53 is also tasked to replace any new sources of information about SCP-1257 as they are discovered, in whatever format they may appear, in accordance with Protocol Gamma-1257-A (Codename: “Snopes’ Revenge”)1
Special Containment Procedures: All materials relating to SCP-1258 are held in a locked document cabinet in Site-19, with access restricted to clearance level 4 and above. Any organisms showing any effect of practicing SCP-1258 should be considered an instance of SCP-1258-1 and terminated immediately unless part of an approved experiment. Standard Foundation searches for anomalous animal activity should be cross-referenced with SCP-1258 markers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1259 is to be stored behind opaque glass in a climate-controlled room in the Infohazard Wing of Site 38. SCP-1259 is not to be moved or to be removed from its case except for testing, subject to Level 3 approval. No personnel other than D-Class assigned for testing are to read SCP-1259; in case of accidental exposure, affected personnel are to report immediately and receive Class-A amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-1260, full containment is impossible. At no point is exploration or testing permitted aboard SCP-1260. The waters around the vessel are to be under constant satellite surveillance. Any vessel attempting to navigate the waters within a 20-km radius of SCP-1260 is to be diverted by Foundation personnel aboard the SCPS Cassandra. Should SCP-2467 come within 50 km of SCP-1260, containment staff are to immediately begin emergency relocation procedures to prevent SCP-1260's assimilation. In the event that contact with SCP-1260 is lost due to a containment breach or emergency relocation, the next ocean in SCP-1260's location cycle is to be monitored until SCP-1260’s GPS beacon reappears. At this time, the Foundation vessel assigned to SCP-1260 in that ocean will immediately be redeployed to allow continued containment. These vessels are the SCPS Cassandra, SCPS Melampus and the SCPS Polyeidos for the Pacific, Indian and Atlantic Oceans respectively.
Special Containment Procedures: A recording capable of infecting human subjects with SCP-1261 is to be stored on network-isolated electronic storage station 2 at Site 108. In the event of failure, redundant analog backups of this recording are to be stored at Archive Site ██. All experimentation on SCP-1261 is to be performed in Black Cloister type soundproofed testing chambers. Following experimentation, human subjects affected by SCP-1261 are to be treated with class A amnestics prior to release from the testing chamber. Foundation personnel are not to interact with individuals affected by SCP-1261 without DC-grade hearing impairment gear. Communication with affected subjects is to be limited to electronic transcription, typed or written methods, and sign language (where applicable).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1262 is to be kept in an indefinite dormant state at Storage Area-33 inside a cube of dry ice measuring 3m x 3m x 3m at 205 Kelvin (-68 degrees Celsius). The cube is to be suspended inside Silo-4. Two industrial-strength dehumidifiers will run continuously to sustain a dry environment within Silo-4. Neutron emitters will bathe the inside with radiation at all times to deter unwanted organics. Silo-4 is also to be filled with argon gas at standard atmospheric pressure.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1263-1 through 5 are to be contained in separate humanoid containment cells modified to accommodate pregnancies. New instances of SCP-1263-A are to be analyzed and evaluated shortly after spawning and shall either be terminated or kept for further study at the discretion of Dr. Heung. There are currently 23 specimens of SCP-1263-A being held at Site-107 for testing. Specimens spawned from the same SCP-1263 subject must not be brought within 1.4 meters of each other for any purpose other than approved testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1264 is located 75m below the ocean's surface1 of the South Pacific at 48°52.6′S 123°23.6′W. It is to be held in place by 8 pairs of 10kt deadweight anchors chained together and attached to SCP-1264. Mobile Task Force Gamma-6 (aka "Deep Feeders") will be tasked with performing bimonthly examinations done by remote submersibles in order to inspect the integrity of the anchors and chain. 450 naval contact mines will be positioned around, over, and under SCP-1264. The mines will be placed 20m from each other in order to sympathetically detonate in the event of a contact. Shipping lanes and aquatic anomalies, such as SCP-2467, will be diverted in order to avoid the containment area. Since detainment, SCP-1264 has exhibited no activity but still remains buoyant.
Special Containment Procedures: Site 1265, which contains SCP-1265, is to be publicly maintained as a wildlife preserve by the Safe and Clean Planet Initiative, a Foundation front company. Scientific discoveries made by the Foundation regarding wildlife within SCP-1265 may be published following corresponding evidence being found in the fossil record.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-1266 is immobile, it is contained on-site under a sealed terrarium dome 100 m in diameter in order to isolate it from the Earth's atmosphere. All structural components of the primary dome must be checked weekly for deterioration or corrosion, and damaged sections must be sealed and repaired immediately. All personnel entering SCP-1266's containment dome must wear full-body, self-contained hazardous material suits and must undergo complete decontamination when entering or leaving the sealed containment area. All equipment used must also be decontaminated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1267 is currently maintained in the large animal wing of Site-12, in a 10m by 15m enclosure recessed 3m below an encircling observation walkway. Separating the observation area from the enclosure is a 2m fence of reinforced steel and synthetic netting, which also encloses the roof.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1268 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell and fed regularly. The room is to be monitored by one guard at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: The property where SCP-1269 is located is to remain under the custody of the Foundation. No females 23 years of age or over are to enter the property except for testing purposes. One male researcher is to reside within the property under the guise of the current resident, and is to monitor the behavior of SCP-1269.
Special Containment Procedures: The building containing SCP-1270 has been purchased by the Foundation via a front company, and is to be kept unoccupied; except for purposes of monitoring and approved experimentation, all access to the building is forbidden.
Special Containment Procedures: Fencing is to be constructed around the area containing SCP-1271, with a space of 75 m between the fencing and SCP-1271. This perimeter is to be monitored by no fewer than five (5) guards at any given time, who are to deny all civilians access to SCP-1271. Guards are to be equipped with high-powered cameras with telephoto lenses and are to be trained in their use. SCP-1271 is to be monitored via video surveillance at all times. During a 1271-A event, all guards are instructed to prevent the commencement of the 1271-A event and detain all civilians involved. observe the 1271-A event and attempt to detain all civilians involved. maintain a distance of 25 m or greater from SCP-1271 during the event and make no attempt to interact with any civilians involved.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1272's constituent artifacts are to be maintained at a range of no closer than 41 meters, and no more distant than 74 kilometers. No two artifacts with a collective w-axis deviations of greater than 38 degrees are to approach within 8 kilometers of any other topological anomaly. Due to the continuing risk of containment breach, all objects are to be affixed to their pedestals with permanent restraints upon successful containment. Due to risks presently posed by SCP-1272-06, active containment efforts are presently suspended. Revised containment procedures are pending.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1273 is to be kept in Containment Locker #434 at Site 23 when not being actively used for testing with D-Class personnel. SCP-1273 is not to be connected to any electrical power source except for testing purposes. SCP-1273-A is to be treated as a non-hostile but potentially dangerous entity.
Special Containment Procedures: News media and Internet video sites are to be scanned continuously for any of the keywords found in Addendum SCP-1274-1. Internet videos should be suppressed (as far as is possible) through copyright takedown requests from Sound Content Productions, a Foundation front corporation. These are to include key phrases which will bring them to the attention of agents placed within the hosting organization. News reports indicating outbreaks of SCP-1274 or its tertiary effects should be investigated in the guise of a quarantine action intended to prevent the spread of an aggressive form of viral meningitis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1275 is held at Containment Area 43, located in the Gobi Desert. It is to be contained inside a hollow 750 mm tungsten cube filled with an electrified tungsten wire lattice dividing the space into cubic millimeter sections. The remaining space is to be continually filled from the bottom of the box with lead maintained at 1200°C. The primary containment chamber is to be blast rated for pressures up to 200 kPa, with a secondary external chamber rated for up to 1500 kPa. Three blast shielded monitoring stations positioned equidistant around the perimeter from the station at 10km are to be kept staffed and on alert at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1276 is contained on-site with a full research and security staff under the guise of a government-sanctioned archaeological dig team. All unauthorized individuals attempting to approach the area must be detained and questioned, then administered amnestics or terminated at the discretion of site security staff.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1277 is to be contained in Arboreal Containment Unit 41-B at Site-77. Personnel assigned to care for SCP-1277 are to be issued sound-dampening headgear. This headgear is to be worn at all times while in SCP-1277's presence. SCP-1277-1 is to be monitored via the use of a closed circuit surveillance system located in Containment Unit 41-B. Any "jumps" made by SCP-1277-1 are to be logged by security personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1278 is to be contained in a standard medium-security storage locker at Site-██. Due to the potential for misuse, access is restricted to Level-3 personnel or higher. Any Level-3 personnel wishing to access SCP-1278 for research purposes may generate a password at any Site-██ terminal that will grant access to SCP-1278. Please note that the password will expire after 24 hours. Use of SCP-1278 for any purpose other than research is forbidden. Testing with underwater photographs or photographs taken of objects or locations outside of Earth's atmosphere is forbidden after tests 1278-2 and 1278-4.
Special Containment Procedures: Each instance of SCP-1279 is to be contained in a reinforced steel container in Storage Unit ██ of Site 87. Two (2) security officers are to guard these instances at all times. No canines are to be brought within a meter of any SCP-1279 instance unless specifically authorized.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1280 cultures should be maintained at 20°C and inspected weekly to verify viability of specimens. All researchers working with these cultures must follow procedures appropriate for Biosafety Level 2 material and submit weekly stool samples to allow detection of accidental infection. If eggs or larvae are detected, a course of albendazole shall be applied until the infection has cleared. Depending upon the culture which produced the infection, amnestics may be given at the discretion of the lead researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: The remains of SCP-1281 are kept at Outpost 120-09. Monitoring equipment will be installed around and within the entity in case it should ever become active again. Any proposals for study that might damage SCP-1281 must be routed through Command.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1282 are to be contained in standard wilderness observation chambers, located in Site-77's Euclid SCP wing. Two members of security are to be present outside each containment chamber, operating on six-hour shifts. Instances of SCP-1282 are never to be exposed to moonlight.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1283 is to be contained in a soundproof storage locker, tuned to a frequency free of broadcasts, with volume on its lowest setting. It is to be checked daily for damage or irregular activity by staff equipped with sound-dampening headphones. In the event that SCP-1283 activates and SCP-1283-1 begins speaking, the nearest Level 3 staff is to be notified immediately, and whoever is determined to have triggered SCP-1283-1 is advised to ignore all vocalizations and remove themselves from the area immediately. In a testing situation, participating researchers are required to wear sound-dampening headphones for the first five (5) minutes of the test, to ensure that only the intended test subject will trigger SCP-1283-1. In the event that personnel other than intended test subjects begin to focus on SCP-1283, they are to be restrained and sedated immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1284-1 (currently SCP-1284-1/8) is to be contained in standard-sized humanoid living quarters at Bio-Research Area-12, fitted with grow lamps that cover a sun-equivalent light spectrum in addition to normal lighting fixtures. There are to be no windows in its living space, and, should a situation arise where SCP-1284-1 must be moved through or into any space with windows, those windows must be completely blacked out by any means available. Under no circumstances is SCP-1284-1 to be exposed to direct moonlight, as defined as a direct line of sight between any part of SCP-1284-1's body and an illuminated portion of the moon.
Special Containment Procedures: When not in testing, SCP-1285 is to be placed in a fenced off plot of land outside of Site 56. While testing, SCP-1285 is to be contained in a concrete containment area fitted with a bed, unless testing protocols require otherwise. While indoors, SCP-1285’s roots are to be inspected and trimmed on a daily basis to prevent potential degrading of the containment chamber. Testing is to be conducted only after Level 4/1285 approval, and must be submitted two weeks in advance to allow proper growth, if necessary. After testing, all instances of SCP-1285-1 are to be removed and incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1286 is contained in its original installation. The basement of “█████ ██ ████”, an entertainment venue located in Manhattan, New York that contains SCP-1286 has since been retrofitted with standard containment procedures outlined in this document.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the immovable nature of the object, Site 98 has been built around SCP-1287. The only persons permitted to make direct contact with the object are D-Class personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: When not being tested, SCP-1288 is to be held in Storage Locker ██ at Site-19. Personnel are to observe SCP-1288 at all times while the item is being transported in order to avoid unnecessary collisions. When exploring a new location, population centres in particular, a Geiger counter must be in use.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1289 is held within a .5m3 chamber composed of level 4 ballistic glass. The chamber is affixed with the display readout of a 24-hour atomic clock set to Greenwich Mean Time. The coin is secured centrally within a free-spinning armature, both ends of which are held in place by way of magnetic levitation. The chamber is to be observed at all times by a minimum of three cameras with feeds directly transmitted to an on-site monitoring and recording suite, Overwatch HQ and Information Logistics Unit-██. Any and all movement of SCP-1289 is to be called to the attention of the site director.
Special Containment Procedures: Research Sites 48-Alpha and 48-Beta have been established around the branch facilities housing SCP-1290-1 and SCP-1290-2, respectively. Activation experiments involving SCP-1290 have been indefinitely suspended pending a better understanding of its operational principles.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1291 is to be contained in an empty Class 4 refrigeration unit. SCP-1291 is to be restrained on a thermally insulated wheelchair to prevent injury. SCP-1291 is to wear a blindfold at all times. Personnel interacting with SCP-1291 are to under no circumstances make direct skin-to-skin contact. In the event of accidental direct contact, affected personnel may request termination.
Special Containment Procedures: All machines found affected by SCP-1292 are to be dismantled and incinerated, with the exceptions of SCP-1292-3, SCP-1292-7, and SCP-1292-9, which are to be kept in Containment Locker 2039 at Site-24. If an outbreak of SCP-1292 is to occur in a civilian area, Protocol Meta-F is to be followed. Usage of SCP-1292 instances to grade copies of SCP-2496 is forbidden.
Special Containment Procedures: All known specimens of SCP-1293 are to reside within a standard Containment Habitat at Bio-Site 12. Specimens of SCP-1293-A are to be engaged in Procedure 722-Ephraim once per month to avoid the production of SCP-1293-C. A minimum of fifteen (15) armed security personnel must be present within the habitat at all times to neutralize specimens of SCP-1293-C in the event that one is produced. Completed specimens of SCP-1293-A1 are to be photographed before consumption by SCP-1293-A. Personnel present within the habitat are not to attempt communication or physical interaction with specimens of SCP-1293-B during a Terpsichore Event.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1294 is to be contained in a room measuring 5 m x 5 m x 3 m, with a filtered ventilation system. Proper medical facilities are to be maintained at all times, and one kilogram of raw meat should be provided once at 8:00 A.M.
Special Containment Procedures: Outpost-618 has been founded in order to maintain the covert containment of SCP-1295. Agents and researchers disguised as staff, patrons and local law enforcement are to discourage civilians from interacting with SCP-1295. Instances of SCP-1295 are not to be made aware of their containment. SCP-1295's daily routine is not to be interrupted under any circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1296’s contact information is currently on file within Secure Archive 11. No other security is necessary, as SCP-1296 cannot manifest without use of this contact information.
Special Containment Procedures: By order of the Temporal Anomalies Department, Item SCP-1297 is contained in the center of a 10 x 10 x 5 m reinforced concrete enclosure, with one bulk-head door accessible via the east wall at floor level. The room is lit with natural gas torches, and standard safety protocol for gas leaks and lighting failure is to be upheld at all times. A steel catwalk is suspended from the ceiling and west walls, two (2) meters from the floor, with bulkhead entrances on the north and south walls. At least fifty (50) guards are to remain on site at all times in event of attempted breach, with no fewer than five (5) security personnel stationed on the catwalk at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: 37 instances of SCP-1298 are contained in plastic drawers of the Level 2 Cold Storage unit of Site-██. Notes are stored in a locked filing cabinet in Site-██ offices. MTF Omega-8 “Babysnatchers” has been charged with recovery of new instances, administration of amnestics, and monitoring at-risk cases, as well as potential interception of the source.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1299 is to be contained in a 8 x 10 x 4 m concrete cell. It is to be kept disconnected from all sources of water, regardless of its current state. The door to its containment chamber is to remain locked at all times unless Procedure F-30 is being enacted. All level-2 and above staff members on site are to carry keys to SCP-1299's containment cell. Once a month, one D-class is to enact Procedure F-30. In case of a containment breach, essential personnel are advised to move as far away as possible from the containment area, and any available female D-class are to be escorted towards the breach site by security.
Special Containment Procedures: Object is to be contained within a 5m x 5m x 5m containment chamber. Access is denied to personnel below Level 3 clearance. SCP-1300 is only to be used for research purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1301-1 and SCP-1301-2 are to be kept inside a secured, soundproofed box inside of a secured, soundproofed chamber. Absolute silence is to be maintained at all times within the holding chamber, and personnel will not be permitted entry into the chamber without the provided noise containment suits. Prior authorization is required to handle either SCP.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1302-1 is to be contained in a standard beta-level storage cell at Site-██. Foundation personnel are forbidden from operating SCP-1302-1 under any circumstances. Requests for cross-testing should go through SCP-1302’s immediate overseer (currently Dr. █████) and must receive Level-4 approval before commencement. Instances of SCP-1302-2 have shown no anomalous properties and may be disposed of normally. Instances of SCP-1302-3 must be securely placed in Fireproof Observation Room 3842 until confirmation of Event 1302/Alpha. D-Class personnel assigned to SCP-1302 are to be exempted from standard monthly terminations, paid a nominal weekly wage by the Foundation and provided with facilities for the purchase of goods. The effects of SCP-1302 are closely tied to personal wealth and property, and testing with normal D-Class protocol would be unworkable.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1303's location is to be cordoned off with a standard security fence, cameras, and no-trespassing signs at a distance of one (1) kilometer from the entrance. A team of four (4) agents should remain on duty near SCP-1303's entrance at all times in National Park Service Ranger uniforms to intercept approaching civilians and direct them away from the site. Should containment be breached and an unauthorized individual obtain access to SCP-1303, two of the four agents should enter the site on tethers and attempt to retrieve the trespasser alive. Upon successful retrieval, Class-B amnestics should be administered and the individual relocated to a safe distance.
Object Class: Euclid
Hello
Special Containment Procedures: As there is no way of containing SCP-1304 itself, procedures must focus on finding, tracking, and observing all instances of SCP-1304-1. Agents embedded in the editorial departments of major publishers have been briefed on the specifics of SCP-1304 and will suppress or alter any manuscripts containing it, or which may lead to a sequel containing it. Keywords describing portions of SCP-1304 have been added to routine search protocols. In the event of publication of a work containing SCP-1304, efforts must shift immediately to finding the associated SCP-1304-1 instance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1305 is to be contained within a wildlife observation facility, located in Site-77. There is to be a feeding chamber and a resting chamber. Once per week, a pig or other similarly sized animal is to be released into SCP-1305's containment chamber, to feed SCP-1305. SCP-1305 will then be compelled to retreat to its resting chamber through direct application of bright light.
Special Containment Procedures: The exact recipe for SCP-1306 is known only to Site 40's current director and two researchers of said director's choice. Currently, Site Director Adams, Researcher Evans, and Researcher Estevez are entrusted with this information. All proposed tests of SCP-1306 must be approved by one of these three individuals.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1307 is to be kept in a standard hazardous-object containment storage at Site-19. No pencils shall be stored or brought within 6 metres of the object. Under no circumstances outside of testing should a pencil be placed in the hole on the front of SCP-1307, unplugged or otherwise.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1308 is to be held in a modified standard enclosure on Bio Research Site-21, such that the door mechanism, the main ventilation mechanism, and any apertures wider than 25 mm in two perpendicular directions are to be covered with a steel mesh coated with a tin layer at least 0.08 mm thick.
Special Containment Procedures: Site 24 has been constructed seven kilometers east of SCP-1309 for purposes of observation and record keeping. Any non-authorized individuals found approaching either area are to be detained, questioned, and administered Class-B amnestics prior to their release.
Special Containment Procedures: The building containing SCP-1310 has been designated Site ███. It is to have the appearance of being condemned and awaiting demolition. The door leading to SCP-1310 is to be opened for at least 20 out of 24 hours per day, in order to minimize possibility of generation events. All specimens emerging from SCP-1310 are to be detained for questioning. Following the questioning session, all specimens of SCP-1310-A,-B and -C are to be treated with protocol England-1310-84.
Special Containment Procedures: All stationed personnel currently assigned to SCP-1311 are to monitor all local homicide police reports for evidence of SCP-1311 outbreaks. Instances of SCP-1311’s pattern being positively identified should be reported immediately. Any witnesses of positively identified SCP-1311 outbreaks are to be given Class-C Amnestics and have their accounts to local authorities modified as necessary. In extreme cases, Class-A Amnestics and relocation are permissible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1312 is to be contained behind a perimeter of electrical fencing two (2) meters in height. All potential exits from SCP-1312 are to be kept under guard at all times. Any entities attempting to leave SCP-1312 are to be subdued and taken into containment immediately. No objects or individuals are to enter SCP-1312 without specific authorization.
Special Containment Procedures: The original copy of SCP-1314-B is to be stored in a clearly marked A4 Manilla envelope kept in Dr. ██████’s office. Digital copies of SCP-1314-A and SCP-1314-B are to be stored on the standard Isolated Electronic Repositories at Site-15, Site-██, Site-33, and Research Sector-15. Digital copies of SCP-1314-B are not to be stored on Foundation intranet. Every 6 months, the original SCP-1314-B is to be digitally scanned at the highest resolution available and returned to storage. Any physical copies of SCP-1314-B are to be incinerated after testing. Any personnel testing SCP-1314 should carry one (1) dose of a Class-A amnestic for emergency use.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1315 is kept in secure storage at Site 15. It is stored within a small safe on premises, the code to which can be requested via a written application from Dr. █████. As SCP-1315 will not exhibit any anomalous effects unless directly interacted with, no further containment is necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1316 is to be the only SCP object contained at Bio Containment Site 39. It is to be housed in a 2.5 x 2 x 1.5 m enclosure constructed from radio frequency (RF) shielding material. A single radio receiver is to be placed in the containment area of SCP-1316 in order to record all transmissions. Access to recordings of the transmissions of SCP-1316 is contingent upon approval of at least two Level 4 personnel. Feedings are to take place twice daily, while litter is to be changed every three days by a single D-Class personnel. Only D-Class personnel may come within 10 meters of SCP-1316.
Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-1317 are to be housed in Vault 13 of Site-77's Safe SCP wing. Each unit is to be inspected on a rotational basis to prevent any chemical corrosion of their containers. A small subset of the SCP-1317 substance is to be set aside for allocated testing purposes. Following a containment breach of multiple SCP-1317 instances initiated by SCP-703 all testing instances are to remain outside of SCP-703's area of effect. In the event of the discovery of any additional instances of SCP-1317, they are to be cataloged and their point of origin sought out.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1319-1 and SCP-1319-2 are currently kept in separate containment cells at Site ██. SCP-1319-1 and SCP-1319-2 are not to be brought within three (3) meters of each other in order to prevent possible violent behavior and ensure cooperation on their part. In cases where SCP-1319-1 is having difficulty moving due to its lack of legs, use of a stretcher is authorized.
Special Containment Procedures: The current known extent of SCP-1320's habitat, as well as no less than a five (5) kilometer radius of land from the estimated center, is to be owned by Foundation front companies and observed at all times. A concrete wall at least 4 meters high is to be constructed and maintained around the perimeter, and integrated ultrasonic motion detectors are to be placed at 20 meter intervals to monitor for breaches.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its age and fragility, SCP-1321 is to be kept in an acid-free, humidity-controlled glass case in Site-19's High Value Containment wing. Personnel who made physical contact with SCP-1321 are to wait a minimum of one (1) week before additional contact. The remains of SCP-1321 are to be kept in a vacuum-sealed bag in its prior containment chamber. No additional containment measures are necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1322 is to be contained in a sealed spherical Class-VIII containment chamber with ablative inner surface, hardened against particle beams, nuclear and conventional explosions, and corrosives, and regularly inspected for damage and monitored for viral and bacterial contamination. Atmospheric pressure within the containment chamber should be maintained at as low a level as practical, and Procedure 1322.CD.S311 is to be initiated if atmospheric pressure should exceed 6.00 x 10-2 Pascal. As an anti-pathogenic measure, radiation levels within the containment chamber should be maintained at no less than 4.50 roentgens per second. Consult document 1322-C-SSR-V-0886 for addenda to containment protocol, as protocol is updated on a daily basis.
Special Containment Procedures: Baseline containment of access points to SCP-1323 consists of passive monitoring of nearby communities in order to identify solicitations for contributions to SCP-1323's contests. Solicitations typically appear approximately 7-10 weeks prior to each access point's activation in the form of large parchment or vellum notices glued onto the sides of various buildings. Once a solicitation has been identified, D-class with relevant skills are to be selected and provided appropriate materials to create an entry for each competition. Entries are to be delivered to the access point immediately once they have been completed, and no later than 10 days prior to the activation of the access point.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1324 is to be kept in a secured storage locker when not in use for testing purposes. A dedicated computer with no access to other networks should be used for the purposes of entering data in experiments involving SCP-1324. See Document 1324-c for further information.
Special Containment Procedures: All 111 specimens of SCP-1325 currently in the Foundation's possession are housed in a large paludarium at Bio-Research Area 7. The temperature and humidity of the paludarium are to be kept constant at ranges of 25-30°C and 50-60%, respectively, and the specimens are to be fed 2-3 times a week on crickets, locusts, earthworms, and baby mice. Any eggs laid by the specimens during Easter are to be given to research staff, whereupon they will either be used for research, fed to Class D personnel (in order to propagate SCP-1325), or destroyed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1326 is to be contained in a standard Site-19 containment cell, with a box of used literature (e.g. newspapers or magazines) kept outside its cell. One magazine from this box is to be left within the SCP's containment cell as a precaution, and must be replaced pending "feedings'. Every 3 weeks, a staff member is to "feed" the SCP by bringing the book kept inside the containment cell within 30cm of the SCP's front cover and held in place until activity ceases, then discard the magazine in question and replace it with another paper from the box outside SCP-1326's cell. Should the SCP release SCP-1326-2 due to failure to perform aforementioned procedure, SCP-1326's containment cell is to be kept on lockdown until all instances return to SCP-1326, at which point lockdown may be lifted and the magazine absorbed during the event must be replaced ASAP. All readings of SCP-1326 contents must be performed by D-class only, and any content deemed safe and/or useful to the Foundation is to be transcribed and stored on a Foundation computer under Document 1326-82.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1327 is to be kept in High-Security Storage Locker J-21b at Site 19. Any further testing requires written approval from supervising researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: The area affected by SCP-1328 is to be monitored closely for any subjects affected by SCP-1328. Located subjects are to be detained, issued amnestics, and returned to their point of origin. Their time displaced shall be covered up on a case-by-case basis.
Special Containment Procedures: The security perimeter of Site-97 is to be monitored by armed patrol and night-vision security cameras. No further security is necessary. All SCP-1329-1 activity within the grounds of Site-97 or within SCP-1329 is not to be interrupted outside of testing protocol. Interaction with SCP-1329-1 is to follow the procedure outlined in Document 1329-CO.
Special Containment Procedures: Research Site-64 was constructed in the guise of a waste treatment plant in order to study and contain SCP-1330. SCP-1330 is to be combed daily for new instances of SCP-1330-1, which are to be transferred to the Research Site-64's indoor sorting chamber. Instances deemed to be of interest are to be categorized and stored in the appropriate chamber, while all other instances are to be tagged and returned to SCP-1330. Task Force Psi-14 ("Lord Admiral's Men") is to be permanently stationed at Research Site-64 in order to prevent access to it by unauthorized persons.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1331 is stored in a secure locker at Site ██. Experimentation may only be performed on Class D personnel, and only with prior permission from at least one (1) Level 3 Senior Researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: Vials containing samples of SCP-1332-A are to be hermetically sealed and kept in refrigerated storage. Specimens of SCP 1332-B are to be contained in sealed holding cells and monitored for transition to 1332-C. These cells are to be monitored remotely and inspected daily for damage. In the event of a breach by SCP 1332-C, the damaged holding cell and the surrounding area are to be sterilized via a controlled thermobaric explosion to limit the possibilities of further contagion.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1333 are to be contained on nonvolatile media. If possible the recommended format is a 16GB Micro SD card contained inside a plastic case and kept in a dry, climate-controlled room. Multiple instances of SCP-1333 may be stored in close proximity; while in dormant media it is completely harmless.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1334 is currently under Foundation management, and access to the object requires Level 2 clearance. The immediate property surrounding the apartment complex is to be fenced off, under the guise of ongoing renovation. During daylight hours, two guards posing as building contractors are to be stationed at the main gateway; the outside of the building is to be monitored at all times by camera surveillance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1335 is to be contained in a Standard Safe-Class Containment Unit at Site-██. The containment unit is to be fitted with a drainage system and the collected liquid is to be disposed as Level 1 Anomalous Waste.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1336 will be stored in a secured vault in Section 19. It is to be maintained in a document frame that will prevent accidental damage to the object. The front of SCP-1336 will be under constant observation by level 3 personnel and video images will be recorded at all times. Relevant screenshots will be sent to the director of operations for Level 3 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: The section of road designated 1337-Alpha is to be monitored at all times. During active time periods a sweep is to be performed every hour, by a lone security agent in a non-Foundation standard car, at all other times remote monitoring is allowed. When contact is made with SCP-1337, said agent is to stop his vehicle, and offer it a ride. Agent is to adhere exclusively to the provided script, and not attempt to engage SCP-1337 in any further conversation. After arrival at site 1337-Beta, agent is to wait in the car 15 minutes after departure of SCP-1337 and then to retrieve item 1337-Gamma, and return it to the E-class Agents at Site 1337-Delta.
Special Containment Procedures: A perimeter is to be established around the location SCP-1338 most frequently appears at (roughly 35°45'50"N 82°15'52"W). Foundation personnel assigned to the containment of SCP-1338 are to maintain the guise of a team of ecologists implementing a forest restoration process. Any unauthorized persons attempting to enter the perimeter are to be turned away under the pretense of keeping the restoration undisturbed; video surveillance is to be used to monitor the perimeter.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1339 is to be kept in a safe at Site-56 and may only be accessed with permission from Dr. Robert Williams. Testing has been suspended until further notice.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1340 is to be held within Containment Aquarium Tank-3 at Research Site-45. Personnel assigned to SCP-1340 are to observe standard aquatic zoological containment protocols. 150kg of food pellets made up of ground krill will be deposited into SCP-1340's containment tank 4 times a week. Voltmeter and galvanometer instrumentation are to be installed within the tank to monitor and decipher fluctuations of electrical activity.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1341 is to be held in a containment locker, located on the grounds of Site-77. This chamber is to have two guards monitoring it at all times. No arboreal objects are to be held in the same area as SCP-1341. Testing must be conducted in a standalone structure, SCP-1341 cannot be brought into any building other than those specifically constructed to house and test it.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1342 is to be stored at Site 15. SCP-1342-1 is to be kept within a Faraday cage, measuring 15m x 15m x 20m, to prevent transmission of telemetry and other data regarding SCP-1342.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1343 is to be contained on location at the abandoned construction site in the northernmost tube of the ████████ Tunnel Complex.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1344 are to be kept at Site-44 in a primary inanimate object containment unit, with an isolated type S habitation unit situated next to it. Testing procedures for SCP-1344 are to be authorized by the Level 3 Senior Researcher currently attached to this project, and are to only utilize visually impaired D-Class personnel with residual vision below 20%. Personnel deemed eligible are to be briefed on the positive effects of SCP-1344 on their vision to reduce the chances of an attempted removal of SCP-1344 by the subject, and on the permanent nature of exposure to SCP-1344. D-Class personnel used in testing are to be considered permanently attached to the SCP-1344 project and relocated to its attached habitation unit. New test subjects are only to be assigned to SCP-1344 upon either the death of previously assigned subject, or after the removal of SCP-1344 from an assigned subject's face. Currently, no instances of SCP-1344 are in use for testing.
Special Containment Procedures: The building housing SCP-1345 is to be boarded up and marked with signs warning of Hantavirus infestation. Guards under the guise of military police are to detain and question any non-Foundation persons attempting to gain entry to the building. An enhanced security force is assigned to SCP-1345-A; if it proves insufficient, security personnel at the nearby Sites ███ and ██ can be summoned to assist.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its immobile nature, the original facility housing SCP-1346 has been commandeered to serve as its containment site. The SCP is to be kept under observation, and unauthorized entry denied, but requires no other special security measures.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1347 is to be kept in a standard containment storage unit with two different sets of locks. Each set is to require a key card and a password. The passwords and the keys are to be kept separately by SCP-1347's lead researcher (currently Dr. Thane) and their research assistant. Said passwords are not to be shared with personnel other than members of the O5 council under any circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the impossibility of transport, SCP-1348 is contained on-site at the Site 87 Archaeological Containment Unit, 81 kilometers southeast of El Taebah, Syria, in the Jabal al-Druze mountains. Compartmentalized containment duties are assigned to C-1348-A ("Team A") and C-1348-B ("Team B"). With the exception of biweekly containment review meetings between Site Director Binyamin Kahn and Team B Director █████ ██████, communications between Teams A and B are to occur only in Conference Room 2a. To minimize the risk of cross-contamination, all inter-team communications related to ritual standards and performances must be conducted via a staff member belonging to Y-chromosomal haplotype CMH-6.
Special Containment Procedures: All specimens of SCP-1349 in the Foundation's possession are to be kept in a reinforced 1m x 2m x 2m terrarium, vacant of all organisms but specimens of SCP-1349. At no point should more than fifteen (15) specimens be kept in containment. The terrarium is to be cleaned out bi-monthly, and any eggs present at this point should be frozen. Any excess instances of SCP-1349 or those found outside of containment should be killed and incinerated at earliest convenience. Once per week the colony of SCP-1349 is to be fed 2kg of meat in a moderate state of decomposition. Staff members not handling SCP-1349 are also required to wear standard bio-hazard suits regardless of proximity to the handler.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1350 is contained at Containment Area-52 (-8█° █' ██.████", -1██° ██' ██.████"). Any unauthorized individuals approaching within 50km of the containment area are to be terminated on sight to prevent potential Delta events. Colonies of Spheniscidae and other creatures are to be monitored and guided to prevent them approaching the Containment Zone.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1351 is contained onsite under the cover of a bat sanctuary with a standard perimeter fence and signs warning away unauthorized personnel. The permanent security team is to be covered as United States National Park Rangers and/or civilian speleologists. The access road to the entrance of SCP-1351 is to be marked “Authorized Vehicles Only” to match nearby park roads which are not open to the general public.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1352's enclosure is located in an isolated valley in Nevada, and is equipped with storm shelters. The entity is permitted to wander around the premises of the enclosure under the supervision of at least one security guard. The enclosure is 5 km2, and the perimeter fencing must be rooted 10m into the ground to prevent dislodging. Debris must be made available within the enclosure for the entity to interact with. Personnel entering the enclosure must acquire authorization from the Site Director. Proper protective equipment must be worn by personnel within the enclosure at all times. Should the entity attempt to leave the enclosure, guards or personnel are to use verbal commands to prevent it from breaching containment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1353 are to be kept in the same room, but stored separately in sealed plastic tubs. Tubs are to be labeled in accordance with each instance. SCP-1353 instances are to be handled only while wearing full-body protective wear. Individuals may only interact with one another for purposes of experimentation.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1354 are to be contained in food-grade airtight plastic containers at Sector-28. Each instance is to undergo psychiatric evaluation at least once per year.
Special Containment Procedures: The property surrounding SCP-1355 is currently under Foundation management, and is to remain fenced off under the guise of an ongoing renovation. A security perimeter patrolled by guards is to be maintained at all times. Any civilians attempting to approach SCP-1355 are to be turned away under the pretense of keeping the renovation site clear.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1356 is kept in a small box in the storage facilities of Research Sector-09, unless approved for removal and transportation.
Special Containment Procedures: The perimeter of SCP-1357 is to be monitored by Foundation personnel at all times, with a minimum of two security personnel posted at every entrance and exit of the park. Any persons approaching SCP-1357 are to be detained by Foundation personnel and administered Class-B amnestics. If the persons are carrying instances of SCP-1357-B, the instances are to be confiscated and filed in the Records Room of Site 45 (Cabinet-74) for possible future testing. On the 13th of every month, Foundation agents are to identify the persons receiving the new instances of SCP-1357-B, recover the instances, and administer Class-B amnestics to the persons involved.
Special Containment Procedures: The perimeter of SCP-1358 is to be fenced off and patrolled from 1930 to 07301 by guards dressed in local police uniforms, who are to rotate every three and a half hours. Any sign of wear is to be repaired immediately. Unauthorized personnel are to be informed the area is restricted and ordered to leave; those reluctant to do so are to be detained for questioning. In the event that SCP-1358 is entered for any reason, personnel are to carry omnidirectional flashlights. Instances of SCP-1358-1 that stray within five (5) meters of the perimeter are to be exposed to floodlights until retreat or disappearance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1359 and accurate pictographic depictions thereof may only be observed remotely, by physically-restrained D-Class personnel. Any organism, including aforementioned D-Class personnel, that does visually observe SCP-1359 or an accurate pictographic depiction thereof, or attempts to enter SCP-1359's containment, is to be restrained and, at project staff discretion, either terminated or, once no longer visually observing SCP-1359 or accurate pictographic depiction thereof, administered a class C amnestic. As an additional precaution, any non-D-Class personnel assigned to SCP-1359 who are exposed to its effect are to be reassigned to a different project.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1360 is to be restrained within a humanoid containment cell at Site-19. The presence of four security personnel is required prior to entry. Restraints may not be removed unless specifically required for testing. For communication purposes SCP-1360 is to be provided with a pen and notebook.
Special Containment Procedures: The primary sample of SCP-1361 is to be kept in an environmentally sealed chamber at a constant temperature of 4°C. SCP-1361 is to be fed a small mammal weighing 1-5 kg once per day, or as necessary to maintain its mass within 45-65 kg. In the event that the primary sample's mass exceeds 107 kg, 50% of its mass is to be removed and destroyed by incineration. All incinerations of SCP-1361 material are to be performed in environmentally-sealed areas and air is to be completely filtered before dispersal into the atmosphere. All persons handling SCP-1361 are to make use of a portable oxygen supply and wear appropriate safety gear.
Special Containment Procedures: One square kilometer of Greenland has been designated as SCP-1362's containment area. Personnel stationed on the outside of this zone are to monitor SCP-1362-1's daily movements and any changes to the smoke they produce. Security personnel are to turn back any trespassers, and signs warning of land mines have been placed in a 3 kilometer radius around SCP-1362.
Special Containment Procedures: A 5mL vial containing a sample of SCP-1363 is kept in refrigerated biological storage at Bio-Research Site-101. Level 3 Biohazard Protocols are to be observed whenever research is performed on SCP-1363.
Special Containment Procedures: At this time, there are no means of keeping SCP-1364 completely safe, and methods are currently being researched into the minimization of damage dealt to SCP-1364. SCP-1364 should be contained within two interconnected 10 m x 10 m x 5 m chambers with 40 cm padded impact-resistant polyester lining on all inside surfaces. The areas should remain completely devoid of light and external sound. The containment chambers should be kept completely empty to ensure SCP-1364 remains docile and 'healthy'. Any observation of damage taken by SCP-1364, or any signs of pain should be dealt with promptly with any resources available to aid in minimizing damage.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1365 is to be kept in its containment chamber at Site 73. A mockup bike rack created for containment purposes has proven sufficient at neutralizing SCP-1365's teleportation abilities; in order to ensure it does not breach containment, no bike racks or other structures designed for temporary bike storage are to be constructed within a 100 metre radius of SCP-1365's containment chamber. Testing requires the approval of a Level 3 administrator and is only to be carried out by D Class. During approved testing, medical staff must be on call in the event that the test subject survives its encounter with SCP-1365.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1366 is contained behind a 3m tall chain link fence, to be checked for breaks at least once weekly. 4 guards are to patrol the perimeter at all times. Motion-detecting cameras have been set up around the perimeter to detect breaches; Foundation agents should be prepared to respond to 1366-Outburst events taking place within 120 seconds. Individuals breaching or attempting to breach the perimeter are to be questioned and administered Class-A Amnestics before being returned to civilian populace.
Special Containment Procedures: When not being utilized for experimentation, SCP-1367 is to be kept in Storage Containment Unit B-19 inside a cushioned container with 60cm x 60cm x 60cm dimensions. Before storage the container must be thoroughly cleaned of any hard or sharp debris.
Special Containment Procedures: An exact census of the SCP-1368 population is impossible to determine, but interviews with a singularly cooperative contained instance have led to a rough estimate of █████ instances still remaining uncontained. When an uncontained SCP-1368 instance is discovered, MTF-Phi-10 (AKA "Crawling In My Skin") is to be mobilized. All people found to be hosting instances of SCP-1368 are to be incapacitated by non-lethal means. The SCP-1368 instance is then to be made to leave its host by the application of open flame to the host's sternum. Once removed from its host, the SCP-1368 instance is to be temporarily contained in antibiotic-treated plastic and transported to the nearest Site equipped with 1368-Lerna containment methods.
Special Containment Procedures: The 6 x 4 x 6 m containment 'grid' that surrounds SCP-1369 is kept at a persistent temperature of 5 °C. The ground is lined with reinforced concrete grates which feed into a closed septic system. The grating is to be kept clean and clear at all times. An emergency valve will feed into a larger reservoir at the septic in the case of overflow of waste systems, as the drainage systems have been known to clog after feedings are complete.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1370 is locked in a fire-proof glass display case, stored in Gallery 27. If the case becomes damaged by external circumstance, any container with dimensions of at least 1.25 x 0.75 x 0.50 meters will suffice as a replacement until a new display case is available. The Ethics Committee recommends that any long-term storage case contain enough space for SCP-1370 to move freely. Level 2 personnel and higher may remove SCP-1370 from its case at their discretion, but will face disciplinary action for failing to secure it properly afterward.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1371 is to be kept in a glass aquarium located in a level 1 security cell at Site-18. It is to be fed a diet of one earthworm once every three days.
Special Containment Procedures: Armed Containment Site-70 is to be established on the island of ███████ under the guise of a USPACOM naval installation constructed for the purpose of long-term joint maritime warfare training. Four (4) Arleigh-Burke class guided missile destroyers (DDGs) are to be maintained at ACS-70, with at least two patrolling Zone-1372-Alpha (see below) at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1373-A, SCP-1373-B, and SCP-1373-01 through -06 are to be stored in standard refrigerated containment for biological specimens. Requests for tissue samples from SCP-1373-01 through -06 must be made in writing to the current head researcher of SCP-1373. All researchers with level-2 clearance or above are allowed access to SCP-1373-A and SCP-1373-B, which are not presently considered anomalous except by association.
Special Containment Procedures: The entirety of the documentation of SCP-1374 is to be kept within Site 23 until further notice. Site 53, Site 95, and Sector 15 are all currently infected with SCP-1374. All personnel working at these facilities are to be made aware of SCP-1374. Furthermore, all documents at these areas must be triple checked by at least two (2) different personnel for inaccuracies. Additionally, personnel may request to transfer out of these sites. These requests must be approved by at least three (3) researchers with Level 4 clearance as well as the Site Director of the area.
Special Containment Procedures: As the station containing SCP-1375 has been decommissioned, no public cover is required. The specific section of tunnel containing SCP-1375-1 has been renovated, sealed, and converted into an airlock with an attached on-site research laboratory. Access to or experimentation with SCP-1375 requires prior approval from at least two (2) Level 3 Senior Researchers, and all personnel entering SCP-1375-2 must be trained and certified in the use of Foundation EVA suits.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1376 is stored in a standard secure locker at Site 19. Experimentation with SCP-1376 may only be performed with prior permission from at least one (1) Level 3 Senior Researcher, and all recordings created using SCP-1376 must be thoroughly inspected for classified information. All recordings created using SCP-1376 are available for research via Site 19's secure database.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1377-01 are to be preserved after initial intake and observation in the C Wing of the Site-23 morgue, which has been repurposed for containment protocols and retrofitted with necessary security infrastructure. Access to SCP-1377-01 instances for experimentation requires written authorization from the Research Director and the Cybernetics Initiative Committee.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1378 has been marked off as off-limits to civilian access under the pretense of chemical contamination until such time that a more permanent containment solution can be devised. All Foundation personnel on-site are to maintain cover as a government-sanctioned cleanup staff and all unauthorized individuals attempting to gain access to the location are to be detained, questioned, and administered a Class B amnestic if deemed necessary by on-site security personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1379 is to be kept in a dedicated Object Containment Locker at Site 19, off the floor and covered by a sheet.
Special Containment Procedures: The building containing SCP-1380-A has been closed to the public and is to be guarded covertly by a minimal security detachment (Delta-1380) to prevent break-ins and discovery of SCP-1380-A. Delta-1380 is to prevent unauthorized entry into the building containing SCP-1380-A when possible; however, because the building containing SCP-1380-A is located in a residential area, the commander of Delta-1380 is authorized to allow unauthorized entry into the building if it is believed necessary to prevent the detachment's presence from becoming visible from neighboring houses. All unauthorized individuals are to be incapacitated and administered amnestic treatments. Break-in attempts have become more frequent in recent years due to urban legends surrounding the building.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1381 is to be held in a 3m x 3m x 2m chamber lined with 6cm of lead sheeting. The chamber is to be hermetically sealed, unable to be opened from the inside and located at a Site that does not also house felid SCPs. All adult felids discovered on-site are to be captured and euthanized. Testing with SCP-1381 is suspended until further notice.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1382 is contained off-site at coordinates [REDACTED], Lake Michigan. SCPS Seastar is to remain on permanent assignment 1 kilometer from SCP-1382, posing as Michigan Shipwreck Research Associates vessel SS Lobster Trap. Foundation operatives embedded in local Coast Guard services are to redirect air and sea traffic away from containment site. Any civilian traffic that approaches SCP-1382 is to be detained, interrogated, and administered class-B amnestics pending results of said interrogation.
Special Containment Procedures: The original entrance to the tunnel containing SCP-1384 is sealed with concrete to prevent civilian access. A new shaft has been dug under the pretense of a public works project. The tunnel must be accessed and SCP-1384 interacted with at least once a week by personnel familiar with Document 1384-1. All interaction must be recorded and studied afterward by Foundation analysis teams.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1385 is to be contained inside a standard Safe-class containment locker at all times unless under test conditions. All tests are to be approved by at least one Level 3 Senior Researcher. It is recommended that any human test subjects interacting with SCP-1385 be screened for shellfish allergies, excluding tests involving SCP-1385 and subjects with shellfish allergies.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1386 is currently located in an evacuated four-block neighborhood surrounded by a 10-meter-high reinforced concrete containment wall in ████████, ██, 8 kilometers from the nearest inhabited neighborhood. Due to the incident with Doctor F██████ on 4/17/12, it is to be kept under constant surveillance, and must only be approached by D-class personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1387 is currently contained in Area-55. Primary containment consists of a 100m x 100m x 30m steel reinforced concrete hangar. SCP-1387 is to be restrained in this hangar with 30 high tension steel cables at all times, and is to be under constant surveillance. At least 10 armed guards are to be on standby in case of a breach. Once per month, SCP-1387's wings are to be clipped.
Special Containment Procedures: Specimens of SCP-1388 are to be stored in opaque 20cm small item containers. When being studied, D-Class personnel should be the only personnel to directly observe and interact with the garments. Class C amnesiacs appear sufficient to overcome any compulsive effects of the item if limited to 12 hours of exposure, Class B from 12 to 16 hours of exposure, and Class A over 16 continuous hours of exposure.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1389 is to be kept in a protective Plexiglas case at all times when not undergoing testing. The surface of the image is extremely delicate, and must therefore be handled exclusively by personnel specially trained in the handling and restoration of antique documents and works of art. If, for any reason the need arises for SCP-1389 to be moved while it is not contained in its protective case, it is to be held only by the edge or the back of the icon.
Special Containment Procedures: All documents containing samples of SCP-1390 and the accompanying reports are to be kept in a standard safe located at Site-73. Site-73 encompasses the entire island of ██████ off of the coast of Greece, which is currently believed to be the site of a nuclear testing installation. Any civilians near the island's coast or found on the land are to be detained by on-site security personnel and interrogated for knowledge of SCP-1390, administered a Class-B Amnestic, and sent back to the mainland.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1391 is to be surrounded by a 3-meter tall barbed wire fence. A guard force under the guise of local Algonquin Tribal Police is to maintain continual internal and external patrols in the vicinity of SCP-1391, and will report any damage for immediate repair and further observation for subsequent attempted breaches. Any civilians approaching the exclusion zone are to be notified they are trespassing on protected Algonquin Reservation lands and escorted from the area; civilians displaying resistance or refusal are to be detained, treated with Class-C amnestic, and relocated to the nearest population center.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1392 is to be stored in Locker 139, in Safe Item Storage room 391. Employees may submit a request for treatments at the referral of a site physician. If approval is given, use of SCP-1392 is to be administered and strictly monitored by a medical professional. In the event of a negative feedback bleeding, a transfusion must be completed as soon as possible to prevent neurological damage.
Special Containment Procedures: The property surrounding SCP-1393, formerly owned by the J.W. and Sons Corporation, is to be designated Site-97. Mobile Task Force Beta-7 (aka "Maz Hatters") are to be tasked with cleanup operations and onsite security. SCP-1393 is to be buried with an adequate amount of earth as to neutralize its active effect. Material produced by SCP-1393 is to be handled as detailed in the standard protocols for extrinsic hazardous materials.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents shall work with the governments of Greece and the European Union to suppress public knowledge of SCP-1395. A barbed wire fence measuring three metres in height and twenty metres in length shall be erected to prevent unauthorized access to SCP-1395, with at least three security outposts stationed in the surrounding area. Unauthorized civilians attempting to access SCP-1395 shall be administered Class B amnestics and redirected elsewhere.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1396 cannot be retrieved by any means currently available to the Foundation. However, as SCP-1396 has shown no hostility or intent to move from its current location, containment efforts limited to coordinating with NASA and other space agencies to prevent the public dissemination of information have been deemed sufficient for the foreseeable future.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1397-1 through -5 are contained in a single secure containment locker at Site-91. Copies of the text of all instances of SCP-1397 are available and may be accessed by any researcher of Level 1 clearance or above. Experimentation involving any instance of SCP-1397 requires Level 3 approval. Personnel reporting drowsiness or fatigue are not to be allowed within ten meters of SCP-1397's containment locker.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1398 is to be kept in a secure audio storage unit at Site-19. Playback of SCP-1398-1 must be conducted in a soundproofed test chamber. Personnel administering testing must wear Type-R noise cancelling radio headsets at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1399 is to be kept on a plain wooden desk in the middle of a locked room, open to the last page, with a camera observing it at all times. If the page is observed to change in any way, notify the Site Administrator.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1400 is to be kept in an individual soundproofed cell adjacent to a standard humanoid containment suite, which is to contain the current SCP-1400-A. This cell and suite are to be located in the geometric center of a 55 x 55 x 10 m containment cell. No microphones or audio recorders of any kind are to be installed in any of these cells. Cameras are installed in each corner of SCP-1400's containment cell in order to track the direction in which its head is facing. In the event that SCP-1400 faces any direction other than towards the current SCP-1400-A, monitoring personnel are to note the new direction immediately and dispatch a mobile task force in that direction to identify and capture the new SCP-1400-A. The previous SCP-1400-A may be disposed of as per normal Foundation protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1401 has been permanently closed to civilian traffic as of ██/██/19██; construction of an alternate highway linking affected communities is pending. Permanent road barriers have been erected to deter automobile traffic; plainclothes security personnel are to surveil SCP-1401's termini to deter foot, bicycle, or motorcycle traffic from entering. All Foundation traffic along SCP-1401 for purposes of installing monitoring equipment, road maintenance, etc. is to begin and end during daylight hours only; in the event that any stay within SCP-1401 extends past the end of civil twilight, personnel are to park their vehicles and remain in position until dawn. No personnel are to travel along SCP-1401 during nighttime hours except D-Class undergoing testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1402 is to be contained in storage locker ███ on Sector █. Any staff ranked level 3 or higher may be granted access under the supervision of two (2) other level 4 staff, as long as reports are made for all tests and documents are submitted for review. However, testing on other SCP objects require Senior Staff approval before they may be carried out.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1403 are to be contained in a room constructed with 2.5 cm of lead shielding. All personnel entering SCP-1403's room, with the exception of D-class under test conditions, are to wear protective radiation gear and standard dosimeter badges at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1404 is to be placed on a table in a standard containment cell. At least once a day SCP-1404 is to be observed by an available staff member for no less than five (5) minutes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1405 is to be housed in a standard large-animal high-security enclosure at Bio-Research Site 13. Enclosure climate control should emulate the average conditions of spring or early summer in midwestern North America, as well as an appropriate day/night cycle. The enclosure is to be planted with vegetation consistent with a North American deciduous woodland, including several large trees to allow SCP-1405 to graze as it presumably would in the wild. Plant materials should be supplemented daily with 25 kg of fresh, high-quality hay and a source of clean water. Weekly treats consisting of 5 kg of plastic or silk imitation plant material may also be provided as rewards for good behavior.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-121 has been established in and around the building above SCP-1406, surrounded by a barbed-wire fence monitored through several CCTV cameras installed around the perimeter. A cover story regarding restoration of the building by a land-owner has been circulated.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1407 are to be contained in standard security lockers, located within Site-77. Personnel assigned to SCP-1407 are to wear ear protection while interacting with SCP-1407. Any subjects found to have been affected by SCP-1407 are to be quarantined for study, followed by termination.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1408 is stored in a climate-controlled, dedicated containment chamber under clean-room conditions at Site ██ to prevent further deterioration of its organic components. Personnel may only directly access SCP-1408 with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 3 Senior Researchers.
Special Containment Procedures: All recording devices containing copies of SCP-1409 are held in a secure storage compartment at Storage Site-07 when not used for testing purposes. Permission to use SCP-1409 for testing purposes must be requested from the current Level-2 staff member responsible for supervision of SCP-1409. Agents and researchers assigned to SCP-1409 are required to possess a valid form of Open Water Diving certification.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1410 is to be kept in its designated containment area within Site-30. SCP-1410 is to be moved between the four chambers of the containment area as dictated by the color of its perspirations and the interpretation of the supervising researcher in order to minimize the creation of instances of SCP-1410-1:
Special Containment Procedures: A joint research facility has been constructed around the cave housing SCP-1411-A. It will be manned at all times by agents from both the Foundation and the Office for the Reclamation of Islamic Artifacts. Colonel Khorsandi of the ORIA is in charge of security, as well as liasing with the government of Uzbekistan. Doctor Yi will supervise all examination of SCP-1411-A.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1412 are kept in 2 m x 2 m x 7 m terrariums filled partially with aerated soil at Sector-28. Rooms in the containment cells are to be filtered for humidity and supplied with typical ventilation for oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Special Containment Procedures: Signals related to SCP-1413 are to be intercepted as they are broadcasted and blocked from public viewing. All intercepted broadcasts are to be recorded and stored in Site-77's anomalous media wing. No personnel are to view these broadcasts for non-research purposes, and any personnel found doing so will be disciplined.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1414 is to be contained in a 3 meter by 3 meter soundproof room. It is not to be plugged in except during approved testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1415 is to be placed in a 35*35*35 cm metal wall safe, to be guarded at all times by no less than two (2) personnel. Access is via a simple iron hinged door, locked with a simple keypad opening mechanism. Approval of one (1) Level 3 personnel, or of Dr. Tergis, is required for removal, in which case, Dr. Tergis is to retrieve the object while keeping the password secret.
Special Containment Procedures: Preparations of SCP-1416-2 should be kept in clearly labelled airtight containers within a standard refrigerated storage unit in Safe Wing-C at Sector-25. Due to the severely limited remaining supply of SCP-1416-2 and unresolved security implications arising from prior experimentation, any further test proposals should be submitted in writing to sector management.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1417-1 and SCP-1417-2 are to be contained in a standard Safe-class holding locker when not in use. Any personnel wishing to make use of the objects for testing purposes must submit a summarized testing outline form to Doctor Chapman for approval. Under no circumstances are SCP-1417-1 or SCP-1417-2 to be taken off-site or used without permission. Any personnel found in violation of this protocol will be reprimanded.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1418 is to be kept in secure storage at the Sector-25 containment facility. Experiments on human subjects should be carried out under full biocontainment conditions.
Special Containment Procedures: The signal which SCP-1419 is broadcast upon is continually jammed by the Foundation. Broadcasts of SCP-1419 are to be recorded by Foundation personnel upon transmission. All recorded broadcasts of SCP-1419 are located in the Media Storage Vault of Site-12 and may be accessed by Level 3 or above researchers, as well as Level 2 researchers assigned to catalog the records.
Special Containment Procedures: Three instances of SCP-1420 are to be contained in individual perforated-steel containers when not being tested. These containers are to be placed in a standard Anomalous Creature Containment Chamber. A gas system capable of flooding the containment room with hydrogen when needed is to be kept in good repair. A reinforced plexiglass viewing window is to be installed and checked for damage weekly. At minimum, two armed guards are to be present during a hatching event to respond to instances of SCP-1420-2.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1421 is to be contained on-site within the Braydon Forest nature reserve. To avoid interaction with members of the public a fenced exclusion zone with a diameter of 100 metres is to be maintained by embedded personnel within the local Wildlife Trust and nature trail paths redirected. Acorns dispersed by SCP-1421 are to be collected and kept in secure storage at Sector-25. Under no circumstances are personnel to interact with SCP-1421-1 unless authorised to do so by Professor Reeds Dr Skinner.
Special Containment Procedures: All information on SCP-1422 is restricted to personnel with Level 4 Operational Clearance. As of March 18, 2009, all personnel have been informed of Yellowstone National Park's existence, and personnel with insufficient clearance have had their memories of SCP-1422 removed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1423 is to be contained in a standard containment locker, located in Site-77's Safe SCP wing. No personnel are to come into physical contact with SCP-1423, and any who have done so are to be treated as cognition hazard victims, and removed from active duty. Personnel assigned to research SCP-1423 are to be given full psychological evaluations every 4 weeks to detect if they have been affected.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1424 is to be placed in an airtight, 2 x 2 x 2 m cushion-lined containment pen. The area is to be monitored biweekly to confirm the subject's physical condition. Personnel are to equip gas masks when entering the area. The containment cell is to be filtered for gas daily.
Special Containment Procedures: A single copy of SCP-1425 is to be kept in a double-locked archive in Storage Site 40. Access to the document is to be completely restricted barring express written permission of at least two of the following officials: the Site Director, the EID Chief, the CMA Head, or an O5 personnel. A second copy is contained in an undisclosed location under procedures divulged only to O5 Council members. All forms of printed and televised media available throughout the United States are to be monitored for the appearance of keywords and key symbols from the list provided in CMA Document 1425-A. Any located additional copies of SCP-1425 are to be turned over to CMA custody for destruction. In the event that a second SCP-1425 event begins to manifest, contact an official listed above immediately to initiate Protocol Ophiuchus.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1426-1 to -9 are assigned a keypad-combination storage locker at Reliquary Research and Containment Site-76. Any personnel wishing to use SCP-1426 for testing purposes must have prior written permission from two (2) level three (3) personnel, plus testing approval from the Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1427 is to be contained on-site at the Ryugyong Containment Operations Center ("RCOC"), operated by the Foundation in partnership with the Korean People's Army ("KPA"). Due to the artifact's effects, Foundation personnel are not to enter the DPRK, approach to within 130 km of the SCP-1427 exclusion zone, or attempt to interact directly with the object itself. Foundation personnel are to provide remote support to on-site DPRK personnel. Under no circumstances are Foundation personnel to attempt to dissuade KPA containment staff from incorrect or unusual beliefs concerning the nature of their duties at the RCOC or the nature of their national government.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1428-1 is currently contained at Area-108, and is housed in a tungsten cage within a 1.5m x 2m x 1.5 m incinerator unit. The walls of the unit are constructed in 3 layers: the innermost layer is composed of fire-proofed concrete at a thickness of 30cm, the intermediary layer is composed of lead at a thickness of 15cm, and the outermost layer is composed of concrete at a thickness of 10cm.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1429 are stored at Bio-Site 66 in Facility A-1429. Free instances are to be kept in individual labeled vials in Bio-Containment Locker 1429. SCP-1429 is considered to be a Class 3 infectious disease.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1430 is to be stored in a security code locked container. Sustained exposure to SCP-1430 for longer than four consecutive hours is forbidden except for experimental purposes. Additionally, any personnel above a level 1 security clearance are expressly forbidden from making direct contact with the object of any kind. As of ██/██/2009, only D-class subjects are to be used for any experimentation.
As of ██/██/2010, per directive by site command, experimentation with SCP-1430 is to be discontinued indefinitely.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1431 is to be kept in a securely locked filing cabinet on the fourth floor of Site-██. Site security is to remain on standby in proximity to tests conducted on SCP-1431.
Special Containment Procedures: Recovered instances of SCP-1432 are to be placed in a filing cabinet in the containment chamber. A standard television set and DVD player are provided for testing purposes. Personnel are not permitted to remove instances of SCP-1432 from the containment chamber for any reason.
Special Containment Procedures: A single copy of SCP-1433 is to be kept in a fireproof safe in the archive room at Site 72. Unsecured devices for the use of playing back audio cassettes are not to be allowed on site. No personnel are to listen to SCP-1433 except for D-class assigned for testing purposes; all such tests shall be conducted in a fully soundproofed chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1434 is held in a standard containment cell, empty save for a blank book labeled “Charter of Etna" and a copy of "The Federal Criminal Code & Rules." Records of the State of Nevada have been altered to register the twenty-five square meters of the cell as the unincorporated township of Etna, now abandoned.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1435 is to be held in a 3 x 4 x 3 meter containment chamber with reinforced steel walls. The floor is to be a recessed scale with remote readouts. There are to be no windows or other visible portals leading into SCP-1435's containment chamber, nor any visual monitoring devices. In the event that SCP-1435 requires movement to a larger containment cell, only D-class personnel are allowed to view it, and are to be terminated immediately after containment is reestablished. All other personnel making visual contact with SCP-1435's termination point are to be terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1436 is to be contained within an environment-controlled aviary measuring 4 x 4 x 5 meters. This aviary is to contain plants and insect life typical of an Iraqi forest for the purpose of SCP-1436’s nutrition. Due to the current activation procedure, the enclosure is to be insulated against electrical charge and all personnel entering the enclosure must wear insulated suits.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1437 is to be contained behind a perimeter of two (2) meter tall electrical fencing, which is to be patrolled by groups of three (3) security officers at all times. Any trespassers attempting to access SCP-1437 are to be brought into custody, interrogated, and if found to be ignorant of SCP-1437's nature, dosed with a Class-A amnestic and released.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1438-1 is to be monitored to foresee any SCP-1438 activity, and active SCP-1438 sessions are to be remotely observed by the nearest Foundation facility. Campuses in which sessions of SCP-1438 are taking place are to be operated as normal, as students, faculty and staff give no recognition to anomalous activity caused by SCP-1438. As it is impossible for participants playing a session of SCP-1438 to not be affected by it, no Foundation personnel are to participate in SCP-1438 except under experimental conditions.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1439 is to be kept in a locked drawer in Site 24’s testing center. Access to and experimentation with SCP-1439 requires prior permission from at least one (1) Level 3 Senior Researcher. Only one instance of SCP-1439-1 is allowed to be tested at a time, and should be destroyed once the test has concluded. Currently, testing is suspended on SCP-1439 due to previous containment breaches. Testing may resume once all portions of the object are back in place. Though additional safety measures have been put in place making another breach unlikely, any instances of SCP-1439-1 found outside their testing chamber should be destroyed immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1440 is currently uncontained and its location is unknown since its last containment breach. Due to the nature of SCP-1440, the Foundation may not have the means to contain it without risking an unacceptable loss of resources and personnel. Until suitable containment procedures can be found, focus should be given to the location and surveillance of SCP-1440 and to minimizing civilian exposure to it through the identification of its travel pattern.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1441 and SCP-1441-01 are stored separately in combination-locked lead-lined cases, and are to be kept in a Secure Containment facility when not in use. As of Addendum-02, access is restricted to personnel involved in the -EX testing program.
Special Containment Procedures: Owing to the public nature of SCP-1442 and the large number of people employed by it who are unaware of its anomalous nature, containment has focused on keeping the employees of SCP-1442 and the general public unaware of its anomalous nature, and on close monitoring of all SCP-1442 activity by the containment team under the cover story of an SEC (U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission) investigation.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1443 are to be contained in a designated greenhouse in Sector-28. Watering and fertilizing are to be done regularly by Level 2 personnel. Humidity, temperature, and light exposure are to be monitored and maintained accordingly. Level 3 authorization is required prior to any testing involving SCP-1443; results are to be documented and reported immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1445 is to be kept in a standard storage chamber inside Storage Site-23, with standard humidity control mechanisms for purposes of antique preservation. The object is to be kept sterile and examined biweekly. Other additional antique preservation measures may be employed as necessary under the direction of the curator Mr. C████, an expert in Ming Dynasty antiques from the Antiquities Department. Guards posted at the entrance of the chamber are to search for and confiscate matches, lighters, or any other incendiary tools from visitors.
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-1446 should be kept on individual wooden slates, each wrapped in opaque plastic, in an hermetically sealed container. Only one sample should be maintained permanently; test samples should be incinerated at the conclusion of testing. Two guards armed with portable dry ice blasting units and infrared limited goggles should be on site at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1447-1's current containment unit comprises an airtight 2.5m x 2.5m x 2.5m concrete container, reinforced with 6cm ablative steel plating and suspended within Bay 4. The cell exterior is to be inspected daily and any damage reported immediately. Dented or otherwise structurally compromised plating is to be patched; a reserve of replacement steel plate of the appropriate gauge is to be maintained at 30 square metres. Discovery of any hole or crack in the plating should be considered a breach of containment and SCP-1447-2's quarters are to be immediately secured.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Nu-6 “Triple-Dog Daredevils” is tasked with tracking SCP-1448 to the best of their ability. Active members of Nu-6 must appear to be between the ages of 12 and 18, and have experience in undercover work. Support personnel also require experience in undercover operations but may be of any physical appearance. Once SCP-1448 has ceased migration, Nu-6 will pose as minors and make regular reports regarding any statements made about the area inhabited by SCP-1448, hereby SCP-1448-1. Footage, images, and reports of SCP-1448 are to be discredited.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1449 is contained within a Type-65 Containment Module, measuring 13 meters in diameter. The containment module is to be suspended within the storage chamber by means of a magnetic suspension system, and is to monitored daily for any cracks or warping in the surface. In the case of a containment breach, the chamber housing SCP-1449’s containment module is to be filled with methyl formate-based foam.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1450 is to be kept in a hermetically-sealed concrete chamber measuring 5 meters in height, width, and length, to prevent propagation. SCP-1450 is to be monitored by monochrome closed circuit security camera. In the event of the camera being blocked by a section of SCP-1450, a team in full biological contaminant protection gear with EKG monitoring should be sent in to clear the lens. Sections of SCP-1450 acting outside of normal parameters, or missing from their positions, should be reported immediately. Colonies of SCP-1450 found outside of containment are to be immediately purged, with either fire or pesticides based on location and quantity of SCP-1450, and their locations to be noted and passed to research team SCP-1450 Gamma.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1451 is contained in Area 15, located in the ██████ Sound. It is surrounded by a sphere of wire mesh netting to ensure that no large objects enter the containment area. Access is to be denied to all persons attempting to enter regardless of rank. SCP-1451 must always be submerged in water from the ██████ Sound. Natural water currents are not to be obstructed, as that could potentially cause an ongoing Class 3 scenario. Guards are positioned no closer to SCP-1451 than the second barrier.
Special Containment Procedures: A single immature instance of SCP-1452 is to be contained in a 8x7x8 meter containment chamber located in Site 77's Euclid containment wing. The walls of this chamber are to be constructed out of natural rock, with the floor being coated in a 15 mm layer of glass. If SCP-1452 integrates itself into its containment chamber, it is to be de-attached from the chamber it has integrated itself into and then relocated. Any immature instance of SCP-1452 found outside of containment is to be burned, and any building it has connected to demolished. Mature instances of SCP-1452 are to be totally incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1453 is to be stored in a standard secure containment safe equipped with a dual key lock. Under no circumstances are any personnel to touch SCP-1453, even if wearing hazardous material gear. Should movement of SCP-1453 become necessary, it must be moved by robotic equipment. Any research relating to SCP-1453 must be documented with video equipment.
Special Containment Procedures: Each member of SCP-1454 is to be housed separately in a standard cell of the type used to contain Safe-class humanoid SCP entities. Standard rules and regulations pertaining to contained humanoids are to be applied. During good behavior, SCP-1454 may be allowed to perform menial tasks not related to SCP containment in exchange for access to approved entertainment and reading material.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1455 is to be contained within a standard doorframe connecting two rooms which are part of a 36-room (6 rooms by 6 rooms) modular labyrinth array; each room in the labyrinth array is to measure 2.5 meters by 2.5 meters, and must have a minimum of two doors in its walls. This serves as primary containment. All doors between labyrinth rooms are to be colored red so that labyrinth users can more easily detect SCP-1455; similarly, each room is to be numbered, with its number clearly indicated on each wall.
Special Containment Procedures: Media and advertisements in the city of ██████, Colorado are under observation by Foundation personnel for the first stage of SCP-1456. A Foundation outpost, disguised as a call centre, has been established in the town and is operated by TF-Omega 16 “The Contestants”. The centre maintains 60 90 160 unique phone numbers, all publicly listed to Agent ███████. Upon identification of instances of SCP-1456-1, the number presented is immediately called in sequence in order to intercept prize instances. Agent ███████'s listed residence and a block radius is to be monitored during active phases.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1457 is to be contained in a 5m x 5m x 5m containment area furnished with host plants appropriate to its apparent species. SCP-1457 is to be “fed” every 24 hours by designated personnel (See Addendum 1457-2). Humidity, temperature, and light are to be maintained in the containment area to prevent causing stress to SCP-1457.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1459 is to be kept within a standard containment vault in Safe Wing-C of Sector-25. As of 05/16/██, only Level-1 Maintenance Technician Valera may view and interact with SCP-1459. MT Valera is to be presented with the opportunity to receive a mild amnestic to ameliorate emotional escalation between testing sessions. In the event that MT Valera becomes unavailable to perform further tests, a new individual is to be selected by the presiding on-site counselor.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1460 is kept in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site ██. Contact or experimentation with SCP-1460 outside of standard medical care may only be performed with prior permission from at least two (2) senior research personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-6 has been constructed around SCP-1461. Task Force Lambda-30 ("Whiskey Tango Foxtrot") is on permanent assignment to reinforce Site-6 security. Any unusual activity from SCP-1461 is to be reported to on-site Level 4 supervisors, who will implement A4-7 Daybreak procedures at their discretion (see Site-6 standard procedures guide). Any operatives entering SCP-1461 should be fitted with full NBCA (Nuclear, Biological, Chemical, Anomalous) protection and armed escorts. SCP-1461 is considered a high-priority target for the organization known as the Church of the Broken God, who have made ██ attempts to breach Site-6 and access SCP-1461 since 19██.
Special Containment Procedures: Level A hazmat gear is mandatory for interaction with SCP-1462. The Foundation's role in containment is largely preventative- in the case of containment failure, implanted agents are to convince civilian leadership of the importance of maintaining respiratory protection. Civilians seen unprotected are to be taken into custody and processed for signs of infection. Cover stories for individuals "lost in the blaze" are in place with all major media outlets.
Special Containment Procedures: Read and recognize these as proper containment procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: Except for approved experimentation, it is forbidden to observe SCP-1464 under natural lighting during the time period between sunset and nautical twilight, and during the time period between nautical dawn and sunrise; any research into the properties and contents of SCP-1464 during these time periods must be conducted under 1000-watt lamps providing full-spectrum illumination. The thirty-five (35) square kilometers surrounding SCP-1464 have been purchased by the Foundation via a front company, and serve as an interdiction zone. Civilians are to be dissuaded with a cover story of limnological research.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1465 is to be contained within a standard Type-05 humanoid containment unit. No further physical security is necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Any civilian research projects attempting to verify Goldbach's conjecture must be monitored for the possibility of identifying SCP-1466. If the possibility exists, any programs used to do so must be reconfigured such that SCP-1466 is stated to be the sum of two primes without verification; if this is not possible to perform discreetly, the project must be shut down.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1467 should be contained in a padded cell with no fewer than three (3) audio recording devices installed in the walls. SCP-1467 should be allowed free use of these devices. While sleeping, devices should be kept on repeat playback. Batteries are to be changed weekly. SCP-1467 should be medicated using document '23-A' and a therapist meeting should be provided once per week. SCP-1467 should always be referred to in person as 'Mr. Smith', as referring to it by any other means throws it into a panic/rage state. This has resulted in moderate injuries to it and research personnel, and has seriously impeded attempts to interview the subject and keep its mental state stable. Foundation personnel wishing to visit or make use of SCP-1467 for experiments must seek permission with its currently designated therapist. In the event of a containment breach, immediate termination of SCP-1467 is authorised. Records of SCP-1467 should be reviewed every month, and at least six backups should be kept in different locations at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: All recovered instances of SCP-1468 are to be contained in Foundation Aviary #4. Healthy amounts of water and bird seed are provided twice daily, with force feeding via sedation or restraint authorized. Occasional medical care is necessary to maintain the health of SCP-1468. A large block of soft material has been placed within the aviary as a safer carving surface. Due to behavioral differences, not all instances of SCP-1468 utilize this material, and as such some still pose risks to their own health.
Special Containment Procedures: The area surrounding SCP-1469-1 has been purchased and fenced off by the Foundation for the purpose of on-site containment. Entrance into and experimentation with SCP-1469-2 may only be performed with prior permission from at least one (1) Level 3 Senior Researcher, and objects may only be removed from SCP-1469-2 with prior permission from at least one (1) Level 4 Site Director. All unauthorized individuals attempting to gain access to SCP-1469-1 are to be detained, questioned, and administered a Class B amnestic if deemed necessary by on-site security personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: The remains of SCP-1470 have been laid to rest in a small plastic case within the podium section of its terrarium, see below. The terrarium is to remain stocked with salticids and the offspring of SCP-1470, and observed. Pending the end of quarantine period, these offspring may be introduced into the wild if no anomalous behavior is detected.
Special Containment Procedures: All mobile devices that have SCP-1471 installed are to be confiscated and analyzed for any potential leads to other possibly affected devices. Afterwards, affected devices are to have their batteries removed, be assigned a designation (e.g. SCP-1471-#), and be placed in Storage Unit-91 at Research Site-45.
Special Containment Procedures: A 3m tall chain-link privacy fence is to be constructed around the property boundary of SCP-1472. Construction signage is to be placed on all sides of the perimeter fence as to deter public suspicion. Mobile Task Force Iota-6 (aka "Hard Knocks") are tasked with protecting the site from trespassers and are to be stationed within a 4 block quadrant around SCP-1472 at all times dressed in applicable urban attire.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1473 is to be kept in Containment Locker #512 at Site-23. All testing subjects experiencing the object's effects are to be monitored at all times until the cessation of the testing session, which may extend up to three (3) months, via either video feed or direct personnel contact. No printers are to be kept within 100m of the object in any direction and all documents printed within Site-23 are to be triple-checked for discrepancies before being distributed. If such discrepancies are found, all personnel involved with reviewing the documents are to be tested for the presence of SCP-1473-B and administered Class-A amnestics if the infection is found.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1474 is to be surrounded by at least 400 individual garlands composed of common daisies (Bellis perennis). Each individual garland must be composed of no fewer than 1080 flowers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1475 is to be kept in a Medical Quarantine Containment Cell - Grade III, equipped with a standard adjustable-positioning hospital bed and remote biotelemetry monitoring. The cell is also to contain a high-definition television easily visible from the bed. SCP-1475 is allowed to watch any pre-approved videos concerning human biology1 that it requests.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1476 specimens are contained at a dedicated aviary attached to Site ██. Experimentation or interaction with SCP-1476 outside of normal feeding and aviary maintenance may only be performed with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 3 senior research staff, and any excess specimens must be disposed of via incineration.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1477 is currently contained in a high-security vault at Sector-25 with Level 4 access. Following Incident 1477-01 testing with SCP-1477 has been suspended.
Special Containment Procedures: The colony of SCP-1478 is to remain where it was found in the Sonoran Desert. Sub-Site 34 has been constructed at the location for the purpose of monitoring the anomaly.
Special Containment Procedures: The building that houses SCP-1479 has been successfully secured by Foundation property acquisition techniques; the accompanying complex has been retrofitted into Bio-Site 66, with structures added both above and below ground to accommodate Foundation needs. Several additional SCP objects have been moved to neighbouring buildings for study and containment.
Special Containment Procedures: The SCPS Ockham is presently instructed to maintain observation and communications with SCP-1480 on the surface of Titan, in addition to its regular geological duties. The distance and technological difficulties involved in reaching Titan serve as adequate containment, so long as the existence of SCPS Ockham remains a secret. Only a handful of ESA personnel vetted and briefed by Foundation liaisons are to be informed of the existence and purpose of SCPS Ockham. Select photographs of the surface of Titan have been doctored by Foundation personnel and provided to the ESA for publication; photographs are doctored to remove the presence of SCP-1480.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1481 is to be kept in a securely locked safe on the second floor of Site-██. Site security is to remain on standby in proximity to tests conducted on SCP-1481.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-178 has been built around SCP-1482, with the cover story that the Site is a retirement home for elderly individuals affected by dementia. A chain-link fence around the perimeter with CCTV monitoring is to be maintained. Any unauthorised individuals attempting to access Site-178 are to be detained, interviewed and – if they present no clear threat – released after being provided with a Class-C amnestic.
Special Containment Procedures: Only minimal security measures are necessary to contain SCP-1483, due to both the nature of the property and the difficulty in accessing it. All entry and exit to Universe B-10208-Alpha-1483 is to be regulated by Falcon and Dustside Stations, located on both sides of the transition zone. In the event of aggressive invasion of Baseline by SCP-1483, the emergency charges around Dustside Station are to be detonated, cutting off access to SCP-1483.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1484 is to be kept in Locker 58-C at Storage Site-23. Level 2 staff and above may access SCP-1484 for approved research at the discretion of the Deputy Director of Research. All experimentation must be recorded in Research Log-1484.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1486 is to be kept in Containment Locker 392b at Site-46. Following incident 1486-8, a 55-meter spherical radius is to be demarcated around SCP-1486 as an area in which absolutely no copulation is to occur.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1487 is to be kept in Humanoid Containment Chamber #3821 at Site 23. Standard procedures in regards to humanoids have been put into place for this entity.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1488-001 through SCP-1488-2141 are housed in an underground enclosure within Site-15 provided with artificial sunlight and climate control adjusted to mimic the conditions of the Bolsón de Mapimí area of Mexico, with adequate seasonal variation. Food and water may be delivered to the enclosure as needed via security corridors furnished with lead-lined doors. Antennae have been placed throughout the enclosure to receive transmissions from SCP-1488 instances and a Researcher must enter the enclosure at least once every 24 hours to retrieve transmission records. An electromagnetic pulse (EMP) device has been relocated to the center of the enclosure and must be kept armed and ready to fire at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1489 is constrained within a 9 km loop of refurbished, standard-gauge railway track in Containment Area-22. All rails and ties in this track have been taken from historic lines no longer in service, and must be replaced only with materials appropriated from railway segments last maintained prior to 1860. Stakes and other structural components of the track are not and need not be composed of historic materials. All historic components of SCP-1489's containment loop have been coated with a film of polymer resin to resist weathering effects. Additional supply of similarly preserved historic materials is maintained on site for repair purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1490 is to be held in a standard humanoid containment chamber. Furnishing includes a bed and several children's toys, and standard rations will be provided daily. Personnel may only view SCP-1490 through video surveillance, and interaction is to be avoided at all times. SCP-1490 is to be immediately tranquilized upon any signs of delight or happiness.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1491 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell. No additional special procedures are required. Non-destructive testing requests are to be submitted to the relevant responsible directing researcher (presently Doctor Richard Littlefield).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1492 is currently impounded in the Site-47 Anomalous Vehicle Containment Bay with tires and battery removed. Personnel are reminded not to bring precious minerals or stones within fifty meters of the vehicle at any time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1493 is to be contained within a lead, soundproofed combination safe with a wall thickness of 10cm. The safe is to be lined with high-quality soundproofing insulation and packaging foam designed to hold SCP-1493 tightly in its center. The containment area is to be kept below a temperature of 270 K. It is to be equipped with sound, temperature, and seismic sensors, as well as seismic stabilizers. If any sound in excess of 110dB, temperature in excess of 278 K, or vibration in excess of 11 Hz is detected, researchers are to be alerted and guards with 120dB-rated ear protection dispatched to await a potential SCP-1493-Upsilon event.
Special Containment Procedures: All flights exiting the Hollywood International Airport located in Ft. Lauderdale, FL, are to be fitted with surveillance and tracking devices, in the luggage and on random passengers. Efforts to prevent the manifestation of SCP-1494 phenomenon, such as transferring co-pilots over the age of 45, preventing planes built prior to 2008 from being used, and suppression of certain beverages on flights leaving the airport are being made. All testing of SCP-1494 has been suspended at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: Under normal conditions, SCP-1495 is to be cared for and fed in keeping with the Foundation’s Zoological Containment Standards for large terrestrial mammals at a purpose-built enclosure on Site ██. Anyone assigned to handling SCP-1495-2 through -15 is permitted to use their informal names for the sake of simplified communication.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1496 is to be kept in a small-item locker in Site-102. At this time, SCP-1496 is believed neutralized. Nonetheless, it is to remain in Safe-class containment until neutralization can be definitively confirmed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1497 is currently contained inside a secure locker within Site-██. Eye contact with SCP-1497 is to be avoided. Instances of SCP-1497-1 created outside of testing are to be given Class A amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1498 are to be held in standard containment chambers, located within Site-77. One technician is to be on-hand to answer any calls placed to SCP-1498. Transcripts of all calls must be placed in Site-77's non-anomalous records archive. Any persons found to have interacted with SCP-1498 are to be quarantined for 2 months, or until they show signs of SCP-1498. Subjects showing signs of exposure are to be contained as an instance of SCP-1498-1, which require the same accommodation as instances of SCP-1498.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1499 is to be kept in a locked box guarded by two agents at all times. Testing involving SCP-1499 requires the authorization of Level 4 personnel is to be discontinued indefinitely. Test subjects are to wear a small full-duplex two-way radio underneath SCP-1499 to maintain contact with researchers. Testing is no longer to be carried out by D-Class personnel due to the risk of losing SCP-1499. Should test subjects enter any sort of danger, they are to remove SCP-1499 immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1500 is to be kept in a modified humanoid containment cell in Site 17. The chamber should be lit with grow lights that are to be on at all times. Should a light burn out, an automated system has been set up to replace the bulb. The floor of the chamber is to be lined with soil. Collected rainwater, laced with clays and nutrients, is to be pumped into the cell no fewer than two times per week.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1501 are to be disassembled and held in standard containment chambers, located within Site-77's Euclid SCP wing. Any media related to the SCP-1501 phenomenon found outside containment is to be stored in Site-77's non-anomalous media storage unit. Any media relating to the "Manna Charitable Foundation" is to be investigated by Foundation agents.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1502 is kept in a secure object containment locker isolated in a cell in the humanoid containment wing of Research Facility 5. An identical locker is to be positioned next to the containment chamber and fitted with a pressure sensor wired to notify staff when activated.
Special Containment Procedures: The area surrounding SCP-1503 within a 100m radius is known as Site-75. Site-75 is to have a chain link fence with razor wire installed around the perimeter. The area inside Site-75 is to be monitored using motion detectors and security cameras. Any signs of public intrusion or vandalism is to be reported immediately. Should SCP-1503 approach the fence within a proximity of 10m, the entirety of Site-75 will be reestablished and centered around SCP-1503 again.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1504 is not currently contained. If any Foundation personnel see the subject, they are to contact the current project head. In the event SCP-1504 is found, it is to be brought to Area 1141 and contained in a 3m X 3m X 3m containment chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: Any sightings of flocks related to SCP-1505 propagating or migrating are to be reported immediately. Mobile Task Force Lambda-4 (aka "Birdwatchers") is to be tasked with controlling the population the subsequent tracking and eradication of all duplicate specimens related to SCP-1505. All personnel assigned to SCP-1505 will need to be vaccinated against the H5N1 virus (avian influenza) and follow standard protocols for biological hazardous materials. Areas of high concentration (+1M specimens per sq.km) are to be evacuated and cleared using anti-personnel artillery shells or thermobaric missiles until at least 98% of the flock has been reduced.
Special Containment Procedures: High-resolution satellite imagery is to be processed by computer for possible SCP-1506-1 occurrences. Once confirmed as an occurrence, SCP-1506-1's position is to be monitored and checked against computer modelling of wind patterns. Should SCP-1506-1 rapidly descend or ascend into a wind current predicted to take SCP-1506-1 through human populated areas, MTF Phi-17 (aka "The Arachnophobes") are to be readied for Procedures 1506-A, 1506-B and 1506-C.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1508 is to be held within a containment chamber, located in Site-77. It is to be restrained within the chamber, and observed on a constant basis. In the event that SCP-1508 assists with the maintenance of the containment chamber, or attempts to interfere with maintenance personnel, it is to be moved temporarily to another room.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1509 is kept in a secure storage locker at Storage Site-08. Access to SCP-1509 is restricted to testing and preservation work.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1510 is to be kept in a standard storage compartment in the Artifact Containment section of Site 19, kept dry and cool to prevent any damage to the fragile metal. It is to be polished and checked for rust every two weeks. A D-class personnel is to wear SCP-1510 for two (2) hours every day, in order to allow interviewers and mental health personnel access to SCP-1510-1. If SCP-1510-1 exhibits any violent behavior, this procedure may be revoked at the discretion of Dr. Stevenson, project Resurgum supervisor.
Special Containment Procedures: Monitoring outposts have been established at SCP-1511-L1 and SCP-1511-L2. Due to the length of SCP-1511-L and its location in scarcely populated and difficult-to-access areas, monitoring of the entire area of the route is not currently performed.
Special Containment Procedures: At least eight members of Task Force Omega-8 are to be assigned to Site-166 at all times, with no fewer than three members of the task force concurrently conducting Procedure 1512-Alpha at any given time. Members of Omega-8 are to be rotated on-station and off-station every 10 hours as appropriate to mitigate stress. On-station members of Omega-8 are to be equipped with hearing protection and Class IV environmental protection suits with integrated closed-circuit breathing air. Task force members are to be provided with sufficient quantities of pencils, writing paper and dextroamphetamines. The monitoring instruments that observe and report the position and orientation of the point of origin are to be inspected and calibrated daily to ensure accuracy of the Procedure 1512-Alpha computations.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1513-1 are to be contained in wildlife observation units. The floor of these units is to be coated in soil, and replaced every 14 days. While soil is being replaced, instances of SCP-1513 are to be removed and placed in temporary containment units. SCP-1513 is currently held in a standard containment locker, located in Site-77's Safe SCP wing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1514-1A is contained at Secure Bunker-███. SCP-1514-1B's status is to be monitored at all times, and any fluctuation of its homeostatic state beyond standard deviations is to be reported immediately. SCP-1514-1A's components are not to be tampered with, and any action beyond routine inspection of the device is to be met with immediate termination. Exactly 1 Level 2 or higher personnel with an appropriate engineering background is to inspect these components once every 20 minutes to ensure their continued function. Should said personnel breach protocol, the batrachotoxin collar equipped to them must be remotely activated. No personnel are permitted to enter SCP-1514-1A's containment chamber outside of scheduled or emergency inspections.
Special Containment Procedures: Currently the only known population of SCP-1515 is being kept in Nature Reserve 12, an extended territory of Site 32, located 39 kilometers(24 miles) east of Alice Springs, Northern Territory, Australia. Any instances of SCP-1515 discovered outside of NR 12's perimeter are to be exterminated. A version of SCP-027 is currently under development to assist in containment of captive instances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1516 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site 49, furnished with instances of SCP-1516-1. SCP-1516 is to be provided with written words referring to food and nourishment. Under no circumstances is SCP-1516 allowed to interact with written words describing harmful and/or dangerous concepts that may cause damage to the vicinity or the subject itself, or text/inscription based anomalies, including SCP-1672, SCP-1889, SCP-2140. As per request, SCP-1516 has been allowed to possess an audiobook copy of the Bible.1
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1517 and SCP-1517-A are to be contained in cryogenic suspension in the freezer at Site 23. Additional instances of SCP-1517 and SCP-1517-A reported outside of Foundation control are to be contained if possible, neutralized if necessary. All remains of individuals infected by SCP-1517 are to be incinerated. No instances of SCP-1517 or SCP-1517-A may be removed for purposes other than testing on D-Class personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1518 is housed in a humidity-controlled vault within the underground sector of Site-117. The vault is 10m x 5m x 10m, constructed of concrete and lined with industrial foam. SCP-1518 itself is contained in a 1.5m x 2m x 1.5m cylindrical shell constructed of the same industrial foam. The shell is 30cm thick and composed of 2 equally sized pieces divided by a vertical seam. Said seam is hinged to allow the shell to open for necessary rotation and maintenance due to the damage caused by SCP-1518-1. The vault contains 4 additional shells for the purposes of rotation; these shells are to be kept open when not in use for inspection. All 5 shells are suspended from the ceiling by the mechanical assembly used for rotation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1519 are constructed for the purposes of testing and disposed of immediately after testing concludes. Blueprints for SCP-1519 are housed in a secure file at Site-19. Access to SCP-1519 blueprints is limited to researchers with a clearance of 3 or higher, as per testing schedule and outline.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1520 is to be seated in the corner of a standard cell of the type used to contain Safe-class humanoid SCP objects. No furniture, fixtures, or amenities are to be provided. No external or internal light sources are to be provided except when SCP-1520 is being directly interacted with; when interaction is necessary, personnel shall wear low-light goggles and light provided shall be of a bare minimum necessary to allow their functioning. The chamber is to be soundproofed to prevent any external stimulus. Air shall be filtered constantly and silently to prevent any odiferous compounds from accumulating. Air temperature is to be maintained at 16ºC.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1521 is assigned a minimum of two “observers” and three additional support staff working in twenty-four hour shifts. Civilians observed approaching SCP-1521 are to be detained, identified, and processed as possible, future observers. Anyone observed exiting SCP-1521 is to be detained, questioned, and identified if possible. Due to the tedious nature of work with SCP-1521, staff rotation on SCP-1521 is to occur every two months.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1522-1 and SCP-1522-2 were tracked and monitored by MTF Pi-2 (aka "Baldr's Pyre"). MTF Pi-2 vehicles consisted of 2 Hamilton-class cutters and 1 National Security Cutter (SCPS-Minos), with associated aircraft.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1523 is to be secured in Storage Locker L at Site 40's Safe containment facility. When testing, SCP-1523 is to be lit with a handheld gas lighter. While SCP-1523 is burning, it is to be enclosed in an airtight chamber with all attending personnel wearing gas masks to avoid propagation or inhalation of SCP-1523 smoke.
Special Containment Procedures: Both of SCP-1524's individual components are to be segregated into separate containment chambers, with security measures and accomodations (if applicable) adjusted appropriately for each component, as follows:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1525 is kept inside a locked storage case with level 2 access policy. SCP-1525 should be transported inside a locked strongbox if it is required for experimentation. Any personnel who are sighted wearing SCP-1525 should be subdued and the object should be confiscated immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1526-1 are to be monitored by Foundation assets in their current locations. All attempts for these subjects to return to their place of origin are to be denied. Families and other associates are to be issued Class-C amnestics, and falsified records showing their move to their current location. Foundation personnel operating in diplomatic "hot spots" are to be notified of all SCP-1526 phenomena occuring in their area, and to be ready to place priority of their evacuation if their residence is threatened.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1527 is contained within Zone-245, with Armed Site-245 attached to the southern perimeter. The perimeter wall is 1.1m x 7m and constructed of concrete. Outposts 245-A, B, and C are attached to the western, northern, and eastern perimeter sections respectively. No fewer than 50 armed personnel are to populate the facilities of Zone-245, and must man the perimeter wall daily, with chief attention to the hours between 2300 and 0500. Aerial patrols of Zone-245 and the outlying areas will be maintained nightly.
Special Containment Procedures: All samples of SCP-1528 are to be kept in air-tight containers under restricted access at Site-77 in Storage Locker 662. Approval of the project command authority is required for testing. When in containment, SCP-1528 is not to be stored in containers with any complex or easily broken opening mechanisms. When being tested, a small amount should be stored in an aerosol dispersal system. Testing of SCP-1528 with additional anomalous objects has been approved on a case by case basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1529's native environment is to be kept under telescope and satellite surveillance whenever weather and daylight permit. Year-round telescope surveillance is to be conducted from the Foundation's permanent monitoring stations in ███████████, Nepal and ████████████, People's Republic of China. As early in the year as weather permits, a Foundation front company, South Chomolungma Portage, shall establish forward monitoring stations at base camp on the northern and southern ascents, and at the higher camps as weather permits (with the exception of Camp VI on the northern ascent and Camp IV on the southern), to be maintained until weather conditions force the evacuation of the mountain for the season. When SCP-1529 is active, telescope surveillance will be conducted by means of an automatic telescope with a video feed playing at seven seconds delay to avoid a repeat of Incident 1529-2. When necessary and safe, surveillance shall be conducted by airplane or helicopter.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1530 is currently contained 120 meters from Site-09. A 3 meter high chain-link fence is to surround the perimeter of SCP-1530 (20 by 20 meters), and is to be displayed as government property to discourage trespassers. Request to use forced entry to access SCP-1530 pending.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1531 is stored in Containment Vault 14 at Site-92. Disclosing the exact nature or effect of SCP-1531 to those lacking compartmentalized clearance 2/1531 (further referred to as CC2/1531) is strictly forbidden. At the moment, accepted testing subjects include any volunteers having CC2/1531, as well as D-class currently involved in testing, who are, for the duration, exempt from monthly termination. Requests involving introducing additional test subjects are to be made according to Protocol-1531-A.
Special Containment Procedures: As the exact location of SCP-1532 is unknown, current containment procedures are focused on preventing public awareness of its capabilities. Mobile Task Force Gamma-5 (aka "They're on our side, Sir!") has created a media campaign informing the public that SCP-1532 is an illegal company guilty of mail fraud, and that all copies of SCP-1532-b should be turned over to the proper authorities as soon as possible. Any instances of SCP-1532-b are to be found and destroyed, and Class-C amnestics are to be given to any witnesses. Any suspected instances of SCP-1532-a found outside of Foundation custody are to be captured and tested to confirm or deny if they are SCP-1532-a. Confirmed instances of SCP-1532-a are to be kept for study or termination as necessary. Instances of SCP-1532-a may be tested in conjunction with other SCP objects by personnel with Level 5 clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1534-1 is housed in a large avian containment cage with additional heavy-duty padlocks on top of normal cage locks. Dial and keypad locks are not to be used as SCP-1534-1 has exhibited high levels of memory and learning. Feeding consists of one whole pig or cow skeleton cleaned of all flesh and organs, and is to be replaced only after the whole skeleton has been eaten. Human bones obtained via monthly D-class termination may be supplemented as a reward for good behavior or for use in testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1535 is to be kept in a security locker at Site-18. The object should be handled carefully during testing due to its fragile nature. The lid of SCP-1535 is to be kept in a separate locker, only to be removed during testing.
Special Containment Procedures: Inactive SCP-1536 instances should be contained in standard locked storage boxes in Sector 37 of Site 19. Instances of SCP-1536 may only be activated for testing purposes; active state instances of SCP-1536 may be stored in containment quarters appropriate to their current form. Once testing is completed, instances of SCP-1536 must be returned to inactive state for long-term storage.
Special Containment Procedures: Public knowledge of SCP-1537 must be kept to an absolute minimum. This entails the appropriation of any and all texts containing SCP-1537 or references to it, the monitoring of global internet communication, and the blackout of any media reporting on incidents related to SCP-1537. Any incident related to SCP-1537 or "The Brothers of Akul'hil" (TBOA) must be investigated immediately. Individuals exposed to SCP-1537-1 are to be treated with Class-A amnestics1. Personnel in direct contact with members of TBOA or SCP-1537-B instances are to wear auditory protection and be screened for SCP-1537-1 contamination post-incident.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1538 are cataloged and filed in the Site-23 Archives, and may be accessed with clearance from the Research Director. A compendium of transcribed SCP-1538 text is available through the Site-23 ADONIS secure sub-network.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1540 is contained in a humanoid containment cell in the H-TL1 Wing of Site-197.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the location and nature of SCP-1541-1, current containment procedures consist of redirecting the current civilian studies of the G34.3 celestial body to areas where SCP-1541-1 is not currently located. As well, efforts are currently being made to suppress information on the gradual shrinkage of the ethanol cloud contained therein. Researchers currently assigned to SCP-1541 are allowed to respond to SCP-1541-1 through SCP-1541-2. All researchers who are currently assigned to SCP-1541 who converse with SCP-1541-1 should report and attempt to dissuade any mention of SCP-1541-1 desiring to return to Earth, due to security and public exposure concerns. All instant messaging service providers in the area of initial contact are currently being monitored for any further attempts by SCP-1541-1 to contact additional descendants of its original followers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1542 is contained in a standard 3 m x 4 m x 4 m corrosion resistant cell. The cell has been outfitted with a simple structure of pipe which functions as a form of resting area for SCP-1542. The organism's cell must be cleaned twice every month and any noticeable corrosion is to be repaired during this time. The entity is to be fed once daily by supplying a basin of nutrient-rich slurry formed from puréed meat and vegetable matter; SCP-1542 has displayed a noticeable aversion to foodstuffs containing capsaicin.
Special Containment Procedures: Given the non-local nature of SCP-1543, it is impossible to fully prevent non-Foundation access to it, and non-Foundation access has been reported by SCP-1543-1 to have occurred no less than ██ times prior to the Foundation becoming aware of SCP-1543 and enacting current containment protocols.1 As such, containment measures are largely focused on educating populations likely to accidentally access SCP-1543 on how to avoid doing so, under the guise of public service announcements. Although it appears that SCP-1543 is only able to make one connection at a time, there is a single recorded instance wherein a loud beep sounded, without originating from either terminus of the active connection.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1544 is to be given a minimum of 5 by 5 by 4 meters of space in its containment, in a biological containment chamber within Site-32. Upbeat music is to be played within SCP-1544's containment chamber during its feeding; SCP-1544 will consume any type of meat, and is to be fed daily.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1545 is to be kept in Containment Locker 1545 at Site 40, with access barred to all personnel with a clearance level under three (3). Following Incident 1296-1545, testing of SCP-1545 with additional anomalous objects requires approval of personnel with a clearance level of four (4) on a case by case basis. No other containment procedures are necessary at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1546 is to be contained in a triple-locked safe at Site 38, with access to the safe principally restricted to the head researcher, Dr. ███████. Under no circumstances are any D-class personnel involved in the testing of SCP-1546 to have their termination dates altered; any researcher doing so is to be considered affected by SCP-1546. Foundation personnel engaged in conversation with subjects using SCP-1546 are to have their clearances revoked until thirty (30) days have passed since the conversation. Foundation researchers are to monitor military and political communications channels, official and unofficial, to determine if any iterations of SCP-1546 remain uncontained.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF Sigma-08 ("Vincerò") is to locate the area in which SCP-1547-A is currently manifesting. All civilians are to be removed from the area under the guise of a public safety issue and questioned. Unaffected civilians may be released after being treated with a Class-C amnestic; affected civilians, including the 1547-Ψ group, may be detained until SCP-1547 de-manifests, or treated with a Class-B amnestic.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation satellites MALAKBEL-1 through 10 will monitor the south pole of the Sun for SCP-1548. Under Protocol Koyash-Veure, all Foundation space stations and off-planet bases within the solar system will have the monitoring of the Sun as their secondary mission objective. Connections will be maintained with major space agencies under Operation STYGIAN IRIS for enhanced monitoring of the anomaly, with accurate information on the phenomena restricted to specified personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1549 are to be analyzed and flagged by Foundation webcrawlers upon their creation. Domains containing frequently used key phrases generated in correlation to SCP-1549 are to be monitored for any suspicious activity and purged from all online archives and databases. Members of Mobile Task Force Kappa-10 ("Skynet"), Mobile Task Force Mu-4 ("Debuggers"), and Mobile Task Force Rho-9 ("Technical Support") are to work in tandem to safely quarantine all affected sites and data from public repositories. If any references resembling that of SCP-1549 are detected, disinformation campaign procedures should be implemented immediately based on the publicity and nature of the reference in question. Locating PoI-1549 is considered a high priority for all involved personnel, although the most direct and efficient methods of doing so are currently not known at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: All adult SCP-1550 specimens are to be contained in a sealed 5m by 5m by 5m terrarium simulating desert conditions under electronic surveillance and implanted with tracking devices. In event of an escape, the affected sector will be locked down until all specimens have been recaptured. SCP-1550 eggs are to be kept in their airtight packaging apart from in testing. The total population of SCP-1550 adults is not to exceed twenty at a time, with further specimens being terminated and their corpses incinerated. All testing must be approved by Level 3 staff or higher. All uncontained instances of SCP-1550 discovered must immediately be killed on sight.
Special Containment Procedures: Two agents are to integrate themselves in the town of ████ █████, Argentina, under civilian guise. Integrating agents are to move into 12 ████ Street, a purchased house, in order to maintain constant surveillance of SCP-1551. Any civilian coming within 30 meters of SCP-1551 are to be questioned and, if not found to be an instance of SCP-1551-X, given a Class-C amnestic and released. New instances of SCP-1551-X are to be interviewed for confirmation of having gone through the events associated with SCP-1551 before being allowed into SCP-1551. At this time, precautions against a resident of SCP-1551 leaving the containment area are not necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1552's enclosure has been designed to minimise reflectivity; the room’s observation deck is off-limits. Personnel entering SCP-1552’s enclosure should be fully briefed and no more than one person should be present inside the enclosure concurrently. A calibrated glossmeter is to be kept on hand; no object with surfaces over 95 gloss units should be brought into the enclosure. Instances of SCP-1552-1 are to be kept in storage with Level 2 access.
Special Containment Procedures: Packages of SCP-1553 are to be contained in high-value storage locker #0227 at Research Site-14. Experimentation is to take place exclusively in White-Lab 02. The lab shall be equipped with recessed halogen flood lamps, an overhead projector, two high intensity flashlights, a table, and an auto-locking door, operated remotely. All walls are to be painted flat white annually and cleaned weekly by maintenance staff. No windows or light controls are accessible from within the lab.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1554 is to be kept in a fireproof Safe class storage locker in Site 629's anomalous media wing. Testing is to be conducted under the supervision of Dr. Walters, and all instances of SCP-1554-A produced are to be stored on a case by-case basis:
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-1556 avoids human contact and currently roams an area greater than 15 km from any human settlement or roadway, containment procedures require only that the herd be monitored and tracked. Ground personnel tracking SCP-1556 must maintain a distance of at least 200 m at all times, and must not openly carry any weapons as this may trigger a defensive response.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation personnel who have low levels of religious inclination are stationed at SCP-1557-1 to ensure that no civilians enter into the anomalous area. Personnel are not to touch any part of SCP-1557-1. While within SCP-1557, communication with SCP-1557-B is allowed, but the primary goal of agents in the area should be to map out the location, if possible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1558 is currently contained in a High Value Item Storage locker in Site 76. In the event that an extant instance of SCP-1558 is found, Mobile Task Force Rho-14 (“Signal Crawlers”) will be activated to return SCP-1558 to a Foundation-controlled BTS.
Special Containment Procedures: All manifestations of SCP-1559 are to be removed from public areas and taken to Site-77. All currently known manifestations of SCP-1559 are stored within a high-security containment vault. No avian organisms are permitted within the vault. Personnel are to not touch, listen to, or view any avian creature for 48 hours before entering SCP-1559's containment area.
Special Containment Procedures: As living specimens of SCP-1560 currently cannot be contained by any means available to the Foundation, Mobile Task Force Lambda-4 "Birdwatchers" is currently tasked with tracking known populations of SCP-1560. Deceased specimens of SCP-1560 are stored in standard cryogenic biological storage units at Site ██, and personnel may gain access to said specimens with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 3 Senior Researchers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1562 is currently quarantined in Testing Lab 46-V in Site 24. The door to the lab is to remain locked at all times. As testing is currently suspended, all access is denied unless special clearance is granted by Dr. Carver.
Special Containment Procedures: Specimens of SCP-1563 are contained in a sealed vivarium at Bio-Containment Site 84 built to emulate a temperate forest environment, and ten Odocoileus virginianus (White Tailed Deer) are to be released into the cell on a weekly basis. Any further specimens of SCP-1563 found in the wild are to be terminated. (See Addendum-1)
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1564 are stored at Site 23 in 2.5m x 5m x 5m cells lined with no less than 2mm of low brass, with the exception of SCP-1564-2, which is stored at Medical Site 04 in an identical cell. Additional stipulations exist for each instance as follows:
Special Containment Procedures: Due to their isolated location and self-containing nature, direct containment of SCP-1565 has been deemed infeasible and unnecessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1566 is to be stored in a standard containment locker, and access restricted to testing researchers only. Testing of SCP-1566 is only to be performed with D-class personnel. All testing is to be observed remotely; no essential personnel may occupy the chamber while testing is in progress. Testing chambers are to be equipped with remotely-activated CO2 emitters, to facilitate termination of affected subjects once testing is complete.
Special Containment Procedures: Protocol G-3-16 (containment of geographically immobile anomaly) is to be followed, with a containment perimeter established no closer than 5km to the path of SCP-1567-3. Personnel stationed at the perimeter are to adhere to Protocol G-3-18 (operation within a hazardous environment, ionising radiation, level 6). Civilians attempting to cross the perimeter are to be deterred and/or detained as necessary. Use of deadly force is prohibited for any instance of SCP-1567-2 originating from within the perimeter.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-1568's lack of large scale mobility, SCP-1568 is to be contained in a boathouse in ██████, Florida. The location of SCP-1568 is to be marked as private property. The inside of SCP-1568's cell is to be lined with steel, to deter it from exiting. SCP-1568 is to be fed 100 kilograms of fish per day. Testing with SCP-1568 is to be approved by Level 4 Personnel. SCP-1568 is to receive weekly cleaning for algae and barnacles. Any containment breaches are to be handled by Mobile Task Force Theta-5 (Aka "The Bigger Boat").
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1569 is currently contained in an isolated sector of Site-104. The pit in the containment unit is to be filled with water to a depth of thirty meters. SCP-1569 is to remain outfitted with a modified feedbag to minimize activity.
Special Containment Procedures: Research into full containment of SCP-1570 is ongoing, though current procedures have been largely successful at controlling manifestations and preventing public knowledge. Since the last revision of procedures on August 17th 1992, there have been only fifteen incidents requiring the intervention of MTF Gamma-5 to obscure the existence of SCP-1570.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1571 is to be held in a standard containment locker, located within Site-77. All items produced by SCP-1571 are to be cataloged and stored in a designated storage locker in Site-77. Personnel with Level 2 clearance assigned to the research of SCP-1571 are allowed access to these items at any time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1572 is to be held in a standard containment chamber, located within Site-77. No personnel are to come into direct eye contact with SCP-1572, and any subjects found to have viewed it are to be quarantined until SCP-1572 ceases to affect them. Testing of SCP-1572's different routes is currently ongoing. All testing has been discontinued due to continued loss of D-Class personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1573 is to be held within a standard containment locker, located within Site-77. Personnel assigned to work with SCP-1573 are never to have been within the town of ████████, Mexico, outside of sanctioned research. Any subjects found to have been affected by SCP-1573 are to be counseled, due to the ineffectiveness of standard amnestic treatments, and released in an area outside ████████. Foundation personnel within the town itself are to observe any children under the age of 3 for anomalous properties. One D-Class subject affected by SCP-1573 is to be kept with these agents, and spared monthly terminations in order to identify children of whom SCP-1573 affects their perception.
Special Containment Procedures: All movements made by SCP-1574 are to be tracked and reported by Foundation agents stationed in the states of Mexico, Cuba, the United States, and other nations near or within the Gulf of Mexico. Any changes to its appearance are to be logged, in addition to any changes to its location. Currently, work on disabling SCP-1574's cloaking mechanism is ongoing. Any subjects witnessing SCP-1574's anomalous properties are to be issued Class-B amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1575 is to be held in a 6m x 6m x 4m containment chamber at Bio-Site 23, with direct access to Research Laboratory 3 at same. Except when in use for testing, no water is to be allowed into SCP-1575's containment, and after testing all water used is to be held in quarantine for use in further tests.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1576 is to be contained in a containment locker located below Area-89. No personnel are to be admitted access to this chamber. Original documentation relating to SCP-1576 is to be stored in Area-89's archives. Copies of these documents have been stored in Site-77's archives.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1577-1 is to be kept in a standard containment locker, unloaded, when not in use for testing. Access is permitted only to Foundation personnel specifically assigned to this item. Personnel are required to log all testing of SCP-1577-1, in addition to all materials recovered during testing. In the event that more instances of SCP-1577-1 are discovered, they are to be contained in separate lockers.
Special Containment Procedures: Articles of clothing involved in SCP-1578 manifestations can be easily neutralized with physical contact and may continue to be worn after neutralization. Minor SCP-1578 sighting by individuals or small groups are to be dismissed as pranks, hallucinations, or supernatural phenomena such as ghosts (a full list of cover stories is available in Document 1578-B). SCP-1578 appearances in public areas are to be handled on a case-by-case basis, with local field operatives intervening when necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1579 is currently kept in a sterile environment in Chamber B at Secure Storage Warehouse 3 at Bio-Site 66. Separated fragments are kept in Storage Locker 1 in Chamber B, under double combination lock. Personnel are not to make contact with SCP-1579 except for testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1580 is currently held in the Site-30 terrarium, within a 7 by 7 meter lot. Instances of SCP-1580-1 are to be constantly monitored for alterations in behavior or vocalizations. Attempted communication with sapient instances of SCP-1580 is currently prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1581 is to be contained within a standard 5m x 5m x 5m cell in Site ██. No further actions are necessary unless experiments are being conducted.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1583 are to be held in individual pressurized containment units, located within Joint Containment Area-8. Each chamber is to be separated by a distance of .5 kilometers, and no instance of SCP-1583 should be brought closer than this distance. All chambers are fitted with hydraulic pistons preventing the SCP-1583 instances' lids from opening. All instances of SCP-1583 must be held down with at least 14 MPa of pressure at all times. In the event that a containment breach event occurs within the Area, the pressure being placed upon the contained SCP-1583 instances must increase by 60% for each confirmed breach.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1584's domain is to be blocked from all major internet service providers through Foundation agents in various world governments. Access to the website is to be granted to Level 3 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the size and nature of SCP-1585, containment is primarily focused on suppressing public knowledge and access to SCP-1585. Containment and research is to be carried out primarily by the SCPS Garand (publicly RV Van Valen) in the Western Hemisphere, and the SCPS Tokarev (publicly RFS Filipchenko) in the Eastern Hemisphere. If SCP-1585 moves within 500km of major coastline, 250km within the boundary of a major current, or 50km of a major shipping lane, it is to be towed to a safe distance. Persons entering the area within 15km of SCP-1585 are to be informed that they are entering a marine protected sanctuary and turned away; craft which enter within 2km of SCP-1585 are to be captured and administered class C amnestics. Bi-monthly excursions to SCP-1585 are organized by Doctors Rooker and Szucs depending on SCP-1585’s current location. SCP-1585 is currently contained in the North Pacific Gyre, ~1500km south of the Aleutian Islands (40.91,178.93).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1586 is housed in a standard humanoid cell at Humanoid Containment Site 06-3. SCP-1586 is to be fed a high-calorie diet and monitored at all times via biometric sensors. Any illness, distress, or inconsistencies in biometric readings are to be reported to off-site command at Site 19 immediately, and any medical procedures carrying a risk of inducing miscarriage must be approved by both the Site Director and Assistant Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1587 is to be stored within a padded crate of suitable size. Requests for access to SCP-1587 must be made in writing to site command.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its size, composition, and location, SCP-1588 cannot be relocated and is fundamentally uncontainable. The Foundation shall liaise with the Maritime and Coastguard Agency to limit sea traffic within the area of the English Channel from which SCP-1588 is clearly visible. Any photographs of SCP-1588 that appear in civilian circulation are to be dismissed as an example of pareidolia.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1589 is to be contained within a 15x15x7 meter reinforced specimen containment chamber. The chamber is to be connected to an airborne tranquilizer dispersal system, to be activated in the event of violence. A list of basic command words is to be posted outside the containment chamber, within the observation room, and in the main security office.
Special Containment Procedures: Seven copies of SCP-1590 are kept on hand for experimentation purposes. These copies are to be kept in Secure Containment Locker F12 at Site-18, keys to which are in possession of the current Project Director Duchard Light, the current Head of Security, and the Site Director. Any Researcher who wishes to make use of SCP-1590 must get permission from Project Director Duchard Light.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1591 is to be contained at Area-79, within a containment vault 100 meters below the surface level. SCP-1591 is to be placed in the center of this vault, with 30 high intensity spotlights arranged in a 1m circular pattern, above, below and around it. Once every month, the spotlights are to be replaced by D-Class personnel, due to the damage caused by SCP-1591's effect. An equivalent set of spotlights are to be kept in position outside the vault in case of containment procedures failing or being enacted incorrectly.
Special Containment Procedures: All possible broadcasts of SCP-1592 are to be intercepted and blocked from public viewing. Intercepted broadcasts are to be stored in Site ██'s video archive. Any civilians physically altered by SCP-1592's effects are to be brought into containment immediately and any witnesses to these alterations dosed with Class-A amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1593 is to be contained in a reinforced steel safe in Storage Unit 12, located at Site 35. Any transportation of SCP-1593 is to be achieved via mechanical means. No personnel are to make contact with SCP-1593 under any circumstances. In the event that a member of personnel does become affected by SCP-1593, the affected limb or region is to be removed immediately. In cases where this is not possible, the affected individual is to be terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-1594 are by nature uncontainable, 24 seismological monitoring stations have been deployed at equidistant positions along the equator in order to monitor their communications. Return communications are to be transmitted from the station nearest to SCP-1594. Because normal seismic activity creates significant interference, return communications are to be delayed until total seismic activity is at a local minimum. Communication is preferable when the region housing the currently transmitting station is at sublunar high tide.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents embedded in archaeological services, media outlets and intelligence agencies are to identify and isolate possible instances of SCP-1595 in order to limit public exposure to them, with an emphasis on professionals who might identify the historical discrepancies inherent to SCP-1595. Portable instances of SCP-1595 are to be transferred into Foundation custody, while stationary instances are to be documented and deleted. Use of Class-C amnestics is authorized when necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1596 is to be kept in storage at Site ██, Section R-█, Security Box 107. Room temperature should remain between 10° and 20° Celsius and 45%-55% Humidity. All testing involving SCP-1596 must be administered in the presence of at least one (1) Level-4 Staff Member All testing involving SCP-1596 is suspended indefinitely pending further investigation. -O5
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1597 is to be kept in Containment Chamber #246 in Site 23 at all times unless it is being used for testing in Testing Chamber #523. If possible, the object’s active state should be observed solely by camera recording, due to its aversion to humans. When personnel successfully manage to start conversation with the object, they are to utilize casual tone. Research is currently underway to discover methods by which SCP-1597 can be forced into its active state.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1598 is to be contained in Cell-14 at Research Site-45. The cell is to be lined with high density rubber with a thickness of 30cm. The floor is to be grated as to facilitate the disposal of waste from SCP-1598. The cell is to have an automatic antiseptic wash feature capable of cleaning the surrounding walls, grating, and SCP-1598 itself every 8 hours. Only D-class personnel are permitted to enter the cell.
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-1600-1 are stored in the Hazardous Materials Wing of Site-197, within a chamber constructed from a brass alloy with 42% zinc content. All personnel interacting with SCP-1600-1 must wear level C hazmat suits constructed from SCP-1600-1 resistant materials to prevent accidental exposure.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-1601 has been established 70 km northwest of ██████████ in Hokkaido Prefecture, Japan, with Foundation personnel assuming several park ranger positions and routinely patrolling the area. Signs outside of the cave warn of instability and advise the public to stay out. Any person attempting to enter the cave should be intercepted and escorted from the area.
Special Containment Procedures: As it only exhibits anomalous qualities when spread out, SCP-1602 must remain folded a minimum of 5 times when not undergoing testing. When SCP-1602 is removed from its container to undergo testing or cleaning, no fewer than three personnel are to be in a room with it at any given time. It is currently kept at Storage Site-49 inside a standard containment locker. Researchers seeking to conduct additional tests involving SCP-1602 must have written approval from a Level-3 staff member before removing the item from containment.
Special Containment Procedures: Any evidence of the murder of █████ ███████ is to be removed from public and police records. A cover story in which Mr. ███████ was in fact killed in a car accident is to be maintained. Personnel tasked with removing evidence or maintaining the cover story are to be dosed with a Class-C amnestic each week in order to prevent memories of murdering Mr. ███████ from causing mental damage.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the size of SCP-1604, containment is performed on-location. A small site has been established five kilometres east of the object under the guise of a research base in order to observe the object and, if necessary, ward off intruders. Coordination with various aerospace agencies keeps the airspace around SCP-1604 clear in order to avoid collisions, and the Foundation maintains a direct presence in local air-traffic control in order to warn stray aircraft out of the path of SCP-1604.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1605 is to be kept in a standard metal film canister in a locked, dry room at Storage Facility 445. Access is to be provided only upon written request to senior site staff. Screenings of SCP-1605 for purposes unrelated to testing are forbidden.
Special Containment Procedures: The property on which SCP-1606 was built is owned by the Foundation under the pseudonym Duane Schmidt. Two agents are to reside in SCP-1606 to provide basic security and to discourage unauthorized persons from entering the building, given the cover identities Duane and Elizabeth Schmidt. Personnel may not enter SCP-1606-2 under any circumstances. Persons entering SCP-1606-2 may be left there indefinitely.
Special Containment Procedures: The area containing SCP-1607 is to be surrounded by a perimeter of three (3) meter tall electrical fencing, which is to be patrolled by security personnel. No individuals manifested by SCP-1607's anomalous properties are to be allowed to leave SCP-1607.
Special Containment Procedures: All avian species found to be part of SCP-1608's diet are to be maintained in an aviary within Area-78. Satellite footage of this area is to be scrubbed by Foundation personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1609 is contained at Storage Site-08 due to the difficulty of transporting it from that location. SCP-1609 is to be contained in a specially-designed enclosure at that site, within a flower bed in which a range of aesthetically-pleasing flowers and plants are to be cultivated. It is to be used as mulch within this flowerbed. The flower bed is to be tended regularly, and all visitors to the enclosure must remark on the beauty of the flowerbed, with particular emphasis on the quality of the mulch.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1610-1 are to be kept in cryogenic containment at Site 23. All samples of SCP-1610-2 should be kept in a receptacle measuring approximately 2m in diameter and 3m in height. Testing with SCP-1610-1 should be kept to a minimum, if possible. All instances of SCP-1610-1 created by the Foundation are to be incinerated at the end of testing.
Special Containment Procedures: The area in which SCP-1611 manifests is to be sealed off and designated as its containment chamber. No personnel are permitted to enter SCP-1611's containment chamber, with D-Class access permitted for test purposes. In the event that SCP-1611 begins speaking, on-site sound dampening speakers are to be activated until it ceases.
Special Containment Procedures: Live instances of SCP-1612 are to be grown at Bio Site-13 in Nursery-18. The climate and soil of Nursery-18 are to be maintained at conditions typical of areas in which instances of SCP-1612 are found, such as the alpine meadows of Mount Kazbek, Georgia. Instances of SCP-1612 are to be watered several times a day.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation assets in major media companies are to monitor for new reports of SCP-1613. Any publications affected by SCP-1613 are to be shut down, with witnesses administered Class-C amnestics, followed by the dissemination of a misprinting cover story. At this time, approximately 3 newspapers affected by SCP-1613 are being published under controlled conditions in order to monitor SCP-1613's content and long-term effects. Field agents deployed in these regions have been assigned with finding Mallory Locicero, the individual believed to propagate SCP-1613.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1614 is to be kept on a flash drive and deposited in Personnel Locker 14 when not in use by Dr. ██████ or his staff. Under no circumstances are personnel allowed to play SCP-1614 without written permission from Dr. ██████.
Special Containment Procedures: All known specimens of SCP-1615, and material contaminated by SCP-1615, are kept in a secure storage area at Research Sector-██. The storage area used to contain SCP-1615 must comply with Biosafety Level 2 regulations, due to the low risk of aerosolization of SCP-1615. SCP-1615 is to be treated as a Level 2 biohazard at all times. Ingestion of SCP-1615 is forbidden except in the case of D-Class personnel for testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1616 is contained in a ventilated 60 x 30 x 30 cm cage lined with small grates on the bottom for waste materials. The area containing the cage is to be monitored at all times for possible breaches in the integrity of the wall of the cage, and should be kept lit as dimly as possible. In the case of containment breach, a hatch is to be released connected to the feeding grate at the bottom of SCP-1616's cage, releasing it into an identical cage beneath. A backup cage should be kept ready at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: All contained SCP-1617 instances are to be held within Safe class storage lockers within Site-39. SCP-1617 instances require incidental cleaning once per six months to prevent further deterioration. Excessive deterioration on an instance requires restoration work to be performed as necessary; this restoration may be performed by any qualified personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1618 is to be stored in a safe in High Value Items Storage on Sector-28. Access to SCP-1618 for purposes of experimentation requires the experiment proposal and risk assessment forms to be approved by a researcher with 2/1618 clearance. Due to extended area of effect, any testing is to be carried out in Test Polygon-2, with the object mounted on its designated stand. During testing, only D-class personnel are allowed to enter the designated effective zone. It is recommended that the meals of D-class personnel designated for SCP-1618 testing are suspended at least two days before the date of the test.
Special Containment Procedures: Entry into Floor 24 must be authorized by at least one staff member with Level 3 clearance or higher. Elevators on Site-45-C are to be modified to restrict transport to Floor 24. If any entities originating from SCP-1619, save for Foundation-domesticated SCP-1619-2-Cs, are found outside of SCP-1619, they are to be subdued and returned to SCP-1619 by any available means.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1620 is to be contained in a sealed room with walls and ceiling painted a flat, non-reflective grey color, with the object's inner surface pointed away from the door at all times. No reflective surfaces of any kind should be brought into SCP-1620's containment cell, including camera lenses. Personnel wishing to enter SCP-1620's containment to attempt a sample must obtain Level 4 authorization, dress only in non-reflective clothing, and submit to a 24-hour isolation period afterwards to ensure no accidental spreading of SCP-1620-1.
Special Containment Procedures: Exactly one colony of SCP-1621 is to be kept intact within Bio-Containment Area-09. SCP-1621 byproduct is to be collected for use by the Foundation as a component in rocket fuels, in industrial cleaning and etching operations for semiconductors, in nuclear reactor fuel processing, and other industrial operations. and disposed of within a stainless steel burn chamber. The containment chamber, collection equipment and airlocks must be constructed entirely from stainless steel or copper. Under no circumstances is water to be released above soil level- subsurface irrigation is sufficient for SCP-1621's hydration.
Special Containment Procedures: At time of writing, 7 kg. of SCP-1622 is at Site-██ in a cold storage chamber which superficially resembles a sunlit wooden pantry. SCP-1622 is to be alone on its shelf; other shelves in the same chamber are to carry varying amounts of Pule, Gold Stilton, and Caciocavallo Podolico cheeses. On no account are the other cheeses to be removed from SCP-1622's chamber. Transportation to and from testing is to be carried out solely by D-class personnel, on a gilded platter of pure silver, with a dish cover of same. Testing itself is to take place in a specified chamber furnished to resemble any restaurant with three Michelin stars.
Special Containment Procedures: Each Diana event is to be monitored by four assigned SCP personnel present in situ.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1624's IP address is to be blocked by all public service providers. Foundation assets in world governments are to prevent it from being accessed. Information recovered from SCP-1624 has been placed in Site-77's archives.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1625 itself cannot be contained due to its incorporeal nature. All members of the Amaski tribe, as well as their descendants, are contained at the former Quarantine Area of Site-37. As of this date (20██/1/17), there are fifty-three (53) individuals of the tribe living at the containment site, who are to be provided standard living arrangements for on-site personnel, including food, water and shelter. The current containment area consists of fifty three (53) cells for members of the tribe, which are their personal living areas. Amaski members are allowed contact with each other under supervision in the Site-37 cafeteria, however, multiple guards must be present at all times to prevent "spread" of SCP-1625. Guards are stationed around the living site, and are to refrain from using lethal force unless authorized (see Security Document 371-A: "Appropriate Security Measures During Minor Containment Breaches of Non-Anomalous Individuals").
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1626 is to be kept in a locker at Site 55's low-value item storage facility. To avoid the potential for confusion, personnel testing or interacting with SCP-1626 are not allowed to wear articles of clothing for which it could be mistaken.
Special Containment Procedures: The forest in which SCP-1627 is located is to be secured by fifty (50) armed Foundation personnel. The species shall be allowed to grow in the area, but only within Foundation-set boundaries. D-Class testing of SCP-1627 is to take place within Site 56 in a waterproof testing chamber, after which the affected D-Class shall be left in the chamber until death. If SCP-1627 is discovered outside of this area, the previously mentioned procedures should be set in place.
Special Containment Procedures: Area-1628 has been set up to contain SCP-1628's entrance, constructed under the pretense of a Foundation front company. Entry to SCP-1628 is permitted only during its active phase, and is limited to personnel on exploratory expeditions. Communication with the beings within SCP-1628 has shown that they are hostile only when provoked, and as such personnel are reminded to move with SCP-1628's scheduled activity until it reaches an inactive state.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1629-1 is housed in a modified standard containment vault. The vault is equipped with video surveillance and SCP-1629-1 must be monitored at all times. A steel shaft 30cm in diameter connects this vault to the exterior of the site. SCP-1629-1 shall be left open at all times; should it autonomously close, the shaft connected to the vault must be opened to facilitate SCP-1629-2's entry.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1630 are to be held in humanoid containment chambers, located within Site-77. They are to be kept in climate controlled conditions, depending on the individual composition of the instance. No more than 3 instances of SCP-1630 are permitted to be out of their containment areas at one time. In the event of a containment breach, security personnel are permitted to terminate instances before they are able to perform a Delta Event.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1631 cannot currently be artificially contained. Thus far, SCP-1631 has only appeared on a two-kilometer stretch of wooded road (SCP-1631-A) that leads into ████████ Forest in ████, Oregon. Due to the uncontainable, yet predictable, nature of SCP-1631, Research Site-133 has been erected around SCP-1631-A. The Site consists of six kilometers of chain-link fence topped with barbed wire, surrounding the road in a roughly elliptical shape. On the eastern side of SCP-1631-A is a research bunker measuring a total of 200 square meters. The bunker should always be equipped with provisions and facilities to house, at most, three researchers and five D-Class personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its nature, containment of SCP-1632 is to focus on the capture and relocation of SCP-1632-1 instances. SCP-1632-1 instances are to be stored in a standard humanoid containment cell in Site 45, and fed according to the standard Humanoid Nutrition chart. Police reports in Nevada are to be monitored in order to discover any instance of SCP-1632-1. All found advertisements featuring SCP-1632 are to be removed. Any found SCP-1632 client is to be administered Class-A Amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: One copy of SCP-1633 is to be stored on a standard DVD-ROM in a secure storage locker in Site-15, along with all supporting documentation and ancillary materials. Individuals wishing to run tests on SCP-1633 must submit a request in writing to head researcher Dr. Berger. Testing will only be conducted with on-site computers which meet all requirements laid out in document SCP-1633-HS-01.1 These computers may be used for extended testing periods (up to six (6) months), but the hard drive must be wiped and all components destroyed at the conclusion of testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1634 is stored in a secure locker at Site-76, along with a digital storage device holding notable instances of SCP-1634-1 retained for archival purposes. SCP-1634 may not be handled or utilized without permission from at least two Level-3 personnel. Only D-Class personnel may use SCP-1634. Additional security is required when utilizing D-Class personnel with a history of extreme violence and/or sociopathy.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1635 are to be stored at the Site-25 Low Security Morgue whilst inactive. Active instances should be stored in standard humanoid containment chambers and treated as appropriate for their apparent age and condition with regard to feeding and medical care. Activation of SCP-1635 instances is only permitted in test scenarios; for testing approval, contact the Site Director of Testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1636 is to be held in a standard biological containment unit. Requests to test it are to be given to the supervising researcher, and SCP-1636 is only to be removed from the unit for testing purposes. The containment chamber which held SCP-1636 has been sealed from the outside, and no personnel is permitted entry for any reason. A collection of particulates formerly belonging to SCP-1636 can be found in Site-89's anomalous object storage vault.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the isolated, immobile, and subterranean nature of SCP-1637, Area-28 has been built at surface level to facilitate containment efforts. Exploration of SCP-1637 is currently prohibited. Area-28 must maintain a full-strength company (225+ personnel) with organic force application. Light armor vehicles and air elements tasked in direct support are to be maintained on-site. Satellite photographs of Jebil National Park are to be altered to remove the presence of Area-28 and SCP-1637. Standard amnestic protocol applies for all civilians attempting unauthorized access of Area-28.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1638 is contained in provisional Site-107, built on-site at █████, California. The site has been designated as a restricted wildlife preserve. A 4-meter-tall wire fence has been erected around the perimeter of the site, and security personnel posing as forest rangers are to turn away any civilians approaching the area. Personnel assigned to the site are to carry some form of personal audio reproduction equipment (MP3 players, Smart phones, etc.) at all times. Operation of any machinery or equipment which may result in sounds exceeding 85 decibels is restricted outside of testing, to prevent unintentional triggering of a Harpo event.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1639 is to be kept in a secure room, of any reasonable size. All audio from SCP-1639 is to be recorded and submitted for analysis weekly. Should any researcher request SCP-1639 for testing, the request must be approved by Site Director ███████.
Special Containment Procedures: All specimens of SCP-1641 are to be contained individually in vivariums inside the Ballistic Testing and Explosive Items Containment bunker of Site 438. Male larvae of SCP-1641 are to be fed 12 grams of powdered iron daily, and female larvae are to receive 12 grams of powdered aluminum daily. Due to cannibalistic tendencies, no two larvae of the same sex are to be allowed to interact.
Special Containment Procedures: All discovered instances are to be stored in Containment Locker C243 at Site-24. Access to SCP-1642 will only be granted to personnel of clearance level 3 or higher. Written permission from personnel with a clearance level of 3 or higher is not adequate for access.
Special Containment Procedures: The land surrounding SCP-1643 is enclosed in a chain link fence. This perimeter is to be continuously monitored by Foundation personnel and automated systems. Any trespassers should be detained and interviewed.
Special Containment Procedures: Outpost-126 has been established in order to monitor SCP-1644. Given SCP-1644's remote location, all individuals sighted within 500 m of the area will be turned back on the pretense of an archaeological excavation in the region. All excavations of areas within SCP-1644's active area of influence must be undertaken using unmanned robots that are remotely controlled from Outpost-126.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1645 is to be kept in a specially modified terrarium measuring 20 x 10 x 5 meters. To limit movement of SCP-1645, its enclosure is to be kept at a consistent temperature of 3.5 degrees centigrade. SCP-1645's feeding schedule and diet are accessible in Document-1645-I.
Special Containment Procedures: Site 84 is listed in all publicly available records of the surrounding area as private property and is surrounded by an electrified fence. All persons other than Foundation personnel found expressing undue interest in the area may be detained and interrogated.
Special Containment Procedures: Due the nature of the anomaly, SCP-1647 cannot be physically contained. Mobile Task Force Epsilon-13 ("Substitute Teachers") is to track every report regarding anomalous behaviors of high school teachers from the Southern United States.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1648 are to be kept in a flame-retardant foam-lined humanoid containment chamber. The chamber is to be equipped with an exhaust fan in the ceiling for the removal of smoke. SCP-1648-A is to be fed 3 cuts of pork once daily. SCP-1648-B is to be fed 3 cuts of beef once daily. SCP-1648 and their chamber are to be inspected daily for uneaten food; any found is to be discarded. Personnel are not to bring extraneous materials into the containment chamber outside of scheduled testing. Personnel are not to leave any living organism or portion thereof unattended in the presence of SCP-1648.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1649 is considered neutralized and as such does not require active containment protocols. Any evidence that further broadcasts of SCP-1649 exist are to be investigated promptly. Non-anomalous recordings of original SCP-1649 broadcasts remain in storage.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1650 is to be held in a standard artifact containment unit in Site-19's High Value wing. Due to special interest in obtaining SCP-1650 expressed by hostile Groups of Interest, security details for it are to follow Defense and Concealment Protocol Epsilon-168. Any use of instances of SCP-1650-1 must be authorized by project supervisor Dr. Dunson.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1651 is to be held in a standard containment locker, located within Site-77. Physical contact with SCP-1651 is not permitted for Foundation personnel, as this will trigger the anomalous effect. Standard testing is permitted throughout the year, with special testing authorized for days where it displays its additional anomaly.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the immobility of SCP-1652, a perimeter of 30 meters is to be secured around SCP-1652, under the guise of training grounds for military purposes. The perimeter of SCP-1652 is to be surrounded by a 3-meter barbwire fence. Access to SCP-1652 is to be authorized by Level 4 personnel. Instances of SCP-1652-1 are to be treated accordingly, then released.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1653-A is to be contained in a form-fitting shipping crate lined with impact-resistant packaging foam, followed by a layer of lead. The top of the crate is to be independently capable of being opened to allow light in if needed. SCP-1653-A is not to be exposed to an unprotected wireless network.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1655 is to be kept in a 5 x 5 x 5 cm plexiglass container. Any handling of SCP-1655 that requires opening its container is to be performed by D-class personnel only.
Special Containment Procedures: As its mechanism and method of activation are unknown, SCP-1656 is presently uncontained. Instances of SCP-1656-1 are to be contained in standard 1m x 1m x 1m holding cells at Sector-28. Once per day, instances of SCP-1656-1 are to be provided with intravenous fluids and total nutrient admixture.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1657 are to be kept in Frozen Storage at Site 23. Testing of these objects, including the hatching of SCP-1657-A instances, requires approval from at least three (3) Level-3 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: All materials contaminated by instances of SCP-1658 are to be stored individually in vacuum-sealed tear-resistant plastic bags. MTF-Phi-12 ("Reading Rainbows") is responsible for the destruction of materials found to have been infested by SCP-1658 not currently in containment. Any graffiti that shows properties similar to SCP-1658 are to be removed using fungicidal compound BMK. All personnel who interact with SCP-1658 are to wear at least Class-3 Biohazard protection, including face masks and suits.
Special Containment Procedures: Level 3/1659 clearance staff are limited to interaction in the field with SCP-1659γ instances. Per the terms of the 9 Mile Station Protocol, all interaction with SCP-1659α and SCP-1659β instances must be conducted through recognized diplomatic channels in the Department of External Affairs. The currently recognized ambassador to SCP-1659 is Dr. Danamir al-Qahtani.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1660-1 may be safely kept in a locked safe-deposit box at Site ██ Storage Facility. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure. SCP-1660-1 is to be kept away from flammable materials unless in testing. Under no circumstances is SCP-1660-1 to come into contact with fire-related SCPs such as SCP-███. In event of SCP-1660-1 igniting outside, testing personnel are to evacuate the area until all flaming materials are extinguished. Due to only being accessible via SCP-1660-1, SCP-1660-2 can be considered to be contained as long as SCP-1660-1 is. Any animal life that emerges from SCP-1660-2 during testing is to be captured pending study and possible termination.
Special Containment Procedures: All secure facilities are to investigate any police reports matching the description of SCP-1662 instances. Should an SCP-1662 instance be identified, the closest secure facility is to retrieve and temporarily contain the recovered instance until a permanent transfer to Site-91 is possible.
Special Containment Procedures: Data pertaining to research performed at Containment Site 1663-0 may only be disseminated to personnel assigned to Containment Site 1663-0 or with prior permission from at least two (2) senior researchers. Duty assignments at Containment Site 1663-0 are not to exceed two (2) weeks in length, and all personnel must be administered Class B amnestics prior to being transferred off-site.
Special Containment Procedures: [PROCEDURES UPDATED AS OF 05-06-12 FOLLOWING NEW INFORMATION]
No radio devices or system networks are to be utilised within a 100m radius of SCP-1664's holding cells. All Specimens of SCP-1664 have been relocated to Site-298 for security reasons.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1666 is to be kept in a secure storage facility, stored in its original sleeve and protected by a padded polymer envelope. SCP-1666 itself must be kept from excessive heat or moisture and is only to be tested with level 4 authorization. All such tests must be non-invasive in nature. Audio equipment used with SCP-1666 must be inspected and approved by the site director prior to testing. Digital and analog audio recordings of SCP-1666 may be used for testing by any research personnel with level 3 approval.
Special Containment Procedures: All known articles of footwear affected by SCP-1667 are to be stored in Containment Locker 16 at Storage Site-23. Due to the contagious nature of SCP-1667's effects, no shoes, boots, sandals, flip-flops, slippers, flippers, foot-wraps, galoshes, moccasins or clogs are permitted to enter a 2 meter radius surrounding Containment Locker 16 without the prior approval of Researcher Davis. Socks are permitted. On a fortnightly basis, one member of personnel with Level 1 security clearance must carefully open Containment Locker 16 and reposition all footwear inside to its most north-westerly positions. In the event of a containment breach caused by pressure-related internal damage to SCP-1667's container, all footwear affected by SCP-1667 is to be re-contained and Containment Locker 16 reinforced.
Special Containment Procedures: The original vinyl records on which SCP-1668 instances are acquired, as well as digital recordings of SCP-1668 kept on USB flash drives, are to be stored in a storage locker at Site 83. Any further instances of SCP-1668 are to be studied, recorded, and contained similarly. Access to SCP-1668 recordings is restricted to personnel with Access Level 1668/2 or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1669 is housed in a standard humanoid containment cell at Humanoid Containment Site-06-3. As a former Foundation researcher, SCP-1669 is considered a low-risk humanoid SCP and may request items or materials at the discretion of Level 3 Security Staff so long as such materials do not violate any security protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1670 is maintained by Foundation agents as a licensed franchise of ██ ███████, LLC. Research staff are to maintain cover in service positions during operating hours, while security personnel assigned to Task Force Gamma-5 "Waffle Irons" are to maintain cover as regular customers or wait in the Ready Room established within the food storage area.
Special Containment Procedures: The security perimeter of the property containing SCP-1671 is to be monitored by armed patrol and night-vision security cameras. Foundation personnel are not permitted within SCP-1671 without Level A hazardous material suits. All materials recovered from within SCP-1671 are to be sterilized before removal. Any personnel showing signs of sickness after entry to SCP-1671 are to be quarantined immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1672 is currently stored inside a 35cm x 35cm x 35cm steel box inside a 3m x 3m x 3m storage room in Site ██. All documentation on SCP-1672 is to be stored in this box. All documentation is to be on paper with a quotation box (such as on this document) for the convenience of those infected. Those infected by SCP-1672 are to either be reassigned to research the object, or to be given Class A amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1673 is to be surrounded by a perimeter at a distance of 500 meters. It is to be patrolled by 3 teams of 2 guards at all times. This perimeter is to have a 1.5 meter concrete wall, with security personnel stationed every 20 meters. Any person found inside of SCP-1673's interior is to be issued a Class-B amnestic. Those who do not respond to amnestics will be detained.
Special Containment Procedures: The building in which SCP-1674 is situated has been purchased by a Foundation front posing as a historic preservation society. The building is to be cordoned off from public access and view. The door to SCP-1674 is to be kept open while any human subject is inside SCP-1674, except during authorized transport. Care is to be taken not to expose SCP-1674-1 to more light than is necessary to prevent deterioration.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1675 is stored in a reinforced containment cell at Site-15. SCP-1675 is to be given 1 liter of 10W-30 motor oil every 90 days but otherwise does not require fuel or maintenance of any kind.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1676-1 is contained in a secure vehicle bay at Humanoid Containment Site-06-3, with its keys contained in a separate secure locker except as needed for vehicle maintenance or experimentation. Regular vehicle maintenance in accordance with SCP-1676-1's manufacturer recommended maintenance schedule is to be performed by HCS-06-3 mechanics.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1677 are to be contained in Secure Documents Storage and digitally reproduced monthly to prevent degradation. During copying procedures, no personnel are to directly observe the printed surface of SCP-1677 instances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1678 remains only partially contained. Mobile Task Forces Tau-4 and Epsilon-6 have succeeded in establishing a defensible perimeter around the Hyde Park district of SCP-1678, with cases of SCP-1678-A largely ceasing their attacks on the perimeter of the Foundation-held area. A long-term research base is currently under construction, and Mobile Task Force commanders are preparing an assault on the SCP-1678 Natural History Museum with the intent of capturing a forward command post to direct defense efforts. Current short-term aims involve the capture of, and extension of the defensible perimeter to, the SCP-1678 Natural History Museum, and to research and to ascertain the origins, construction, and weaknesses of the SCP-1678-A entities. Long-term aims involve efforts to halt, hinder, or control the production of the SCP-1678-A entities, and to assault the SCP-1678 Houses of Parliament, where the being, entity, or intelligence responsible for the creation of SCP-1678 is believed to reside, and to capture and contain the aforementioned being.
Special Containment Procedures: Seeing as SCP-1679 is relatively self-contained, and problematic to contain in the traditional sense, the following procedures have been enacted to contain the anomaly.
Special Containment Procedures: Site 33-B is to be staffed with Foundation personnel trained in the reception and processing of SCP-1680 instances. Site 33-B is disguised as the dilapidated former location of Mission High School; civilians attempting to investigate the interior of Site 33-B are to be given amnestic treatment and returned to their homes. Processing is to be followed by transport to Site 38 Site 33 for relocation as determined by Site 33-B command or the Department of Human Resources. Any individuals inquiring into the anomalous behavior of SCP-1680-A are to be given amnestic treatment; when possible, the Foundation is to attempt to acquire homes within line of sight of the route of SCP-1680-A.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Chi-23 ("Eavesdroppers") is to actively monitor spontaneous or organized public gatherings of over 1000 individuals in any of the countries composing the former USSR, for the presence of SCP-1681. Upon detection, operatives are to retrieve individuals suspected of having been exposed to SCP-1681, and are to administer amnestics to unaffected individuals within a 50 m radius. New SCP-1681-1 specimens are to be kept in full quarantine at Humanoid Containment Site-83 until such a time as a Berliner event is triggered.
Special Containment Procedures: Because of its size and distance from Earth SCP-1682 was considered effectively contained; this is due to the fact that SCP-1682 did not seem to be capable and did not attempt to break gravitational pull of the sun, and containment breach did not appear to be a possibility. SCP-1682 moved in a looping motion; this is believed to be as result of a variety of factors including but not limited to gravitational pull. Because of this, the appearance of SCP-1682 could be accurately predicted before each actual sighting. SCP-1682 is by all means self-contained.
Special Containment Procedures: Except for purposes of approved experimentation, the entrance to SCP-1683 is to be barred, and the access corridor is to be monitored by security personnel. Only D-Class personnel are permitted to enter SCP-1683. The buildings surrounding the residence containing SCP-1683 have been acquired by the Foundation in order to facilitate containment, and collectively serve as Containment Site-142. A cover story regarding ongoing maintenance work to remove toxic chemicals has been implemented, pending further developments in SCP-1683's anomalous property.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF-ψ-7 "Home Improvement" has been set up to contain individual occurrences of homes or people affected by SCP-1684. Homes found to be infected with SCP-1684 are to be occupied by task force members. Persons attempting to enter infected homes are to be given Class-C amnestics and returned to their original homes. Any advertising materials relating to the Hearth Home Realty Corporation are to be destroyed, and the publisher of the material investigated.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Pi-4 (aka "Stellar Constellation Prize") are to locate uncontained instances of SCP-1685 and seal off public access.
Special Containment Procedures: The area encompassing SCP-1686 is considered to be the extended grounds of Research Site-27 and is to be closed to civilian traffic under the cover of a military proving ground. If at any time unauthorized persons are found within the area of SCP-1686 they are to be detained and questioned in accordance with Large Site Security Operations Protocol 52-A.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1687 is kept in a locked violin case in secure storage at Site 19. All non-D-class personnel that interact with it are required to be tone-deaf. D-class assigned to experiments with SCP-1687 should have at least a minimal proficiency at playing stringed classical instruments.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1688's native habitat, designated Site 1688, has been declared a national wildlife reserve and is permanently closed to civilian traffic. Foundation personnel, in conjunction with the United States Forest Service, are to patrol the perimeter of Site 1688 to discourage unauthorized access. No personnel are to enter Site 1688 itself unless SCP-1688 is not present at the time. In the event it becomes necessary to enter Site 1688 while SCP-1688 is present, or to enter any other area SCP-1688 is occupying, personnel are to wear grounded, insulated full-body suits at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1689 is currently under restricted access in Area ██ medium-size artifact storage, Compartment ██. SCP-1689 is to be stored tied shut with its mouth facing upwards at all times. Access is limited to Level 3 personnel, with the exception of site cooking staff.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1690 and SCP-1690-1 are to be contained inside a standard humanoid containment cell monitored by CCTV cameras at all hours. When interacting with SCP-1690, personnel are to maintain a polite demeanor to avoid unnecessary aggravation. Should SCP-1690 display any signs of shock or sudden distress, any personnel present in the cell are to immediately vacate and seal the containment cell. No further interaction is to occur until SCP-1690 has returned to an unstressed emotional state.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1691 is installed in a 5 x 5 x 5m containment cell. The room is to be observed at all times by a camera, and any unanticipated activity is to be reported immediately. No personnel should enter SCP-1691 at any time unless authorised for testing. In light of the events of Incident-1691-1, entry to SCP-1691 is absolutely forbidden. Two armed guards are placed outside the containment chamber at all times, and should be equipped with hand-held transceivers, only to be used in the event of unanticipated activity from inside the cell. Pressure plates are installed inside the cell to provide an early warning system.
Special Containment Procedures:
A stable population of five SCP-1693 infected D-class personnel, collectively designated SCP-1693-1 is to be maintained at Sector-25 in standard humanoid containment units that have been modified in accordance to the specifications listed in document SCP-1693-HCUS-A.
Special Containment Procedures: Cases of SCP-1694 and their associated entities currently inhabit the atmosphere and surface of the planet Venus, and therefore full-scale containment is impossible at present. In order to prevent, or at least hinder, the advancement and evolution of the SCP-1694 anomaly, no mechanical or electronic material is to be deployed into the atmosphere, or onto the surface, of the planet Venus. SCP-1694 harbors extreme aggression towards all organic matter, living or otherwise; deployment of organic matter is similarly prohibited. Agents within NASA and ESA are under instruction to halt, hinder, or sabotage any planned missions, manned or unmanned, with the intent to explore the Venusian atmosphere or surface.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1695-1 is to be kept in a Type 31A storage vault within the eastern wing of Site-18. Any testing performed on SCP-1695-1 should be supervised by research personnel specializing in items created by GoI-192. Evidence discovered at SCP-1695-1's recovery site is to be kept in the western wing of Site-18 and is available for examination by any personnel with a clearance level of 2 or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1696 is kept in the Research and Development Laboratory at Site-17. Level 3 approval is required for all experimentation with SCP-1696. After incident K-1696-3, experiments involving a negative baryon number violation are not permitted.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1697 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell. Given its anatomical deficiencies, measures have been taken to alleviate most discomfort, and provide simulated faculties of the integumentary system. A tissue-hydrating lotion is provided to maintain functioning musculature, and a superficial injection of a lidocaine solution is granted in moderation and at the discretion of project head.
Special Containment Procedures: Local disinformation campaigns are to be maintained in all cities hosting an instance of SCP-1698, with the intent to make all local residents or governmental officials believe that the locations are abandoned, closed for renovation, or otherwise off-limits. All locations are provided with portable generators and sufficient fuel to run them for no less than 30 days, in addition to supplies to accommodate up to 20 people for the same timeframe.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-1699's public location, containment procedures are to focus on preventing access to it. At least 8 guards are to patrol SCP-1699 on all-terrain vehicles, with rotations to occur every 4 hours. Any persons found to have knowledge of SCP-1699's anomalous properties are to be detained for questioning, searched for documents pertaining to SCP-1699, and released following a dose of Class-C amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: As of 6/17/19██, SCP-1700 is considered to be contained. Although instances of SCP-1700-A are too numerous and widely spread to be fully containable, their relative innocuousness makes a large scale containment effort unnecessary and likely impossible. Any instances found may be brought into containment or destroyed, as the Foundation already possesses adequate samples. Product recalls have been put out, but have proven largely ineffective so far.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1701 is contained within a Standard Containment Cell equipped with a bulletproof, frosted skylight. Personnel are not to enter SCP-1701's cell without vision-obscuring eyewear.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1702 is contained in a sealed, re-purposed hangar at Humanoid Containment Site-06-3 which has been fitted with reinforced concrete honeycomb structures. SCP-1702 is to be provided 500 kg of food and mineral supplements daily via automated delivery systems, consisting of material as outlined in Document 1702-06.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1704 is to be kept in a 15m x 15m x 6m, humidity-controlled containment chamber at Site 23's Large Object Wing. All disappearances and remanifestations of SCP-1704 must be recorded, as well as all interactions between personnel and SCP-1704-1. Experimentation with or interaction with SCP-1704 requires permission from Dr. Galluzzo. Additionally, personnel requesting access to SCP-1704 for work related to Project Orpheus-30 must report directly to Liaison Barrett and Site Director Eriksson.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1705 and SCP-1705-A are to be kept in Containment Lockers #115 through #246 at Site 23. Assembly of and direct contact with SCP-1705 and SCP-1705-B is restricted to D-Class personnel and must be presided over by two Level 3 personnel at all times. All instances of SCP-1705-A are to be photographed and filed appropriately in Cabinet #533 of the Records Room of Site 23. Personnel are to refer to the photographs of SCP-1705-A for reference in testing rather than the tablets themselves if possible.
Special Containment Procedures: Each SCP-1707 colony is to be kept in a monitored containment cell under Biosafety Level 3 conditions. A minimum of two (2) mature and stable colonies, hosted by domesticated pigs (Sus domesticus), are to be retained at all times. At least one (1) additional colony is to be maintained for the purpose of experimentation. Humans are not to be used to host SCP-1707 colonies without the approval of both the Senior Researcher and the Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1708 is located at Containment Site-██ in the Rocky Mountains, Colorado. SCP-1708 should be contained within a chamber lined with padded material. All requests for communication must be approved by at least two (2) Level 3 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1709 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell in Medical Bay 2 at Site-34. SCP-1709 is to receive intravenous hydration, and nutrition through enteral feeding as directed by medical personnel, and is to be maintained in accordance with established physiological protocols for subjects exhibiting symptoms consistent with a score of between 9-16 on the Bush-Francis Catatonia Scale. SCP-1709 is to receive monthly medical examinations, and updates to its containment protocols adjusted as necessary by the Research Director.
Special Containment Procedures: The natural park surrounding SCP-1710 has been enclosed as a preservation area for the Red-backed Shrike (Lanius collurio). Agents disguised as park rangers are to prevent access to SCP-1710. The hill SCP-1710 is located on has been surrounded by a sensor-equipped fence. A single sentry equipped with recording equipment is to be stationed near SCP-1710-1 in order to document its conversations with SCP-1710-2.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1711 are to be kept in Site-19's Storage Chamber 18, in opaque lockers. Due to SCP-1711-1's status as a Class-R Mind-Altering Material (Mild), all contact with it by Foundation personnel is to be held according to procedure 57-R-A. In case of accidental exposure to SCP-1711-1 or SCP-1711-2 instances used by an SCP-1711-1 affected individual, use of SCP-1711-3 may be authorized at the discretion of Site Director and depending on availability. All commercial materials found relating to SCP-1711 are to be removed.
Special Containment Procedures: All information regarding the SCP-1712 incident is to be suppressed, with the cover story of an office suicide having been disseminated.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the immobile nature of SCP-1713, Site-71 has been constructed in order to contain the object, and to provide a proper processing unit for any materials entering into SCP-1713, or any objects that SCP-1713 may create. Any objects that are created must be inspected by containment staff. No personnel are to enter the core for any reason - any exploration will be performed by remote control robot. Any objects transported out of Site-71 must be cleared by at least three Level-3 personnel. Under no circumstances should personnel be on level eleven. All personnel must wear dosimeter tags while within SCP-1713.
Special Containment Procedures: A single copy of SCP-1714 is to be held in a standard document locker. Testing involving SCP-1714 is restricted to D-class with a score below 130 on the Foundation Standard Test of Logical Reasoning Skills (FST-LRS) or a score below 130 on the Foundation Standard Test of Mathematical Aptitude (FST-MA). Tests involving subjects outside these parameters must be approved by the head researcher and at least one Foundation mathematician or scientist with Level 4 Clearance. Foundation operatives in the academic community will monitor journals, universities, and laboratories for SCP-1714, with special consideration given to higher mathematics, physics, or philosophy departments. Civilians who come into contact with SCP-1714 are to be interviewed, treated with a Class A amnestic, and covertly monitored for a period of one year.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation-operated web analysis bot Gamma-84 ("ANTIBEN") is to be kept in constant operation and checked for defects twice a week by a Level-2 staff member. When functional, the bot will search a wide range of online message boards for posts created by individuals previously declared deceased. If a manifestation of SCP-1715 on a website is confirmed, the bot will initiate a distributed denial-of-service attack against the site until Foundation personnel are able to either permanently remove the site from operation or convince the site's administrators that SCP-1715 is a person of malicious intent. A list of convincing cover stories for the latter procedure can be found in Document 1715-63.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1716 is stored in Containment Vault 43 at Site-71. Testing is allowed using D-Class subjects only (both as donor and recipient) and requires approval of the Site Director. Additional security should be present due to possible unforeseen anomalies among recipients of SCP-1716 treatment.
Special Containment Procedures: Plants infected with SCP-1717 shall be confiscated or eradicated by MTF Theta-4. Samples of novel species with SCP-1717 shall be collected and remanded to Dr. Syril in Bio Site-1 for study. Wild occurrences in areas smaller than 1 hectare may be secured or destroyed within 48 hours of discovery at the discretion of MTF Theta-4's commanding officer. If an affected region in the wild is larger than 1 hectare, or is obviously a cultivated field of any size, the region and an additional buffer zone of 1 km beyond the perimeter of the anomaly shall be incinerated within 24 hours of discovery.
Special Containment Procedures: Experimental Containment Unit 6852 shall be provided additional power and coolant as necessary to prevent breach. A 2 MW power plant is currently under construction on site to be dedicated solely to ECU-6852 and is projected to be adequate for another ten years.
Special Containment Procedures: Examples of SCP-1719 may be stored under the standard security protocols for Safe objects. SCP-1719 has been tested extensively and exposure to it is considered physically harmless.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1720 is currently being tracked by multiple ground stations and orbital assets under Foundation control, and any changes in orientation or orbital velocity must be reported immediately. Suppression of knowledge of SCP-1720 is underway with cooperation from the United States National Aeronautics and Space Agency and the various space groups of the Union of Socialist Soviet Republics.
Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-1721 are to be kept in a foam-lined case to prevent unsupervised motion. This case has been placed in a standard safe-class storage locker located in Site-19.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1722 is to be housed in a standard storage locker within Site 19. No further security measures are necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1723 is to be contained in a humanoid containment cell that has been modified to act as a Faraday cage, blocking any incoming radio broadcast. Due to several ailments related to SCP-1723's age, a doctor is to be on-call for SCP-1723 at all times, since there is the possibility of a sudden medical emergency. SCP-1723 is to be confined to the cell at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1724's components are to be contained inside three separate Safe level containment chambers, positioned at least 20 meters away from one another. No personnel are permitted to interact with these components outside of testing. Persons who have measured over 900 when tested with SCP-1724 are to be terminated immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1725 is to be held in a Safe Containment cell, located at Site-77's Safe SCP division. This locker is to be secured with an electronic locking system. Any persons affected by SCP-1725 who are found outside of containment are to be held and questioned about possible involvement with the group of interest Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd, followed by the administration of a Class-B amnestic.
Special Containment Procedures: The path leading to SCP-1726 is to be blocked by a guard post operated by the Foundation Chinese Branch under the banner of the People’s Liberation Army. No further security is necessary to prevent outside interference.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1727 is to be contained in a high-capacity containment vault, located in Site-77's Safe SCP wing. A pool large enough to encompass the mass of vehicles used in testing is to be kept in this containment chamber, being maintained daily by Foundation personnel. The area SCP-1727 was discovered in has been purchased by Foundation front organizations, with all nearby buildings being demolished.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1728 is to be bound with wound polyurethane fibers to a steel table 1 meter by 2 meters in area. The table is to be contained within a sealed refrigeration unit, which is to be kept at a constant 0° C — standard temperature monitoring applies. Communication with SCP-1728 is to be conducted by one researcher at a time inside the refrigeration unit with the temperature raised to 10° C and one of SCP-1728's arms unrestrained. The door must be sealed before communication begins and unsealed only after the restraints have been replaced.
Special Containment Procedures: Captured instances of SCP-1729 are to be kept in a warehouse located within Sector-25. Outside of testing, every instance of SCP-1729 is to be restrained using standard wheel clamps, and switch 1A set to 'off'. Any newly captured SCP-1729 instance is to be fitted with manual operation switches on leads 1-7, and an additional battery-operated relay circuit on lead 1. (See Document-1729-B for complete diagram with critical locations, and appropriate schematics with part numbers specified)
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1731 and SCP-1731-1 are to be kept in Containment Locker #324 at Site 23. Until the object's effects can be fully understood and activated, all testing with the object is to be done in Testing Area #255 outside of Site 23 by D-Class personnel. Procedure 701-Raenire is to be attempted and fully revealed in order to discover the full anomalous nature of SCP-1731.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-1732's death pre-dates the establishment of the Foundation by more than one thousand years, direct containment of SCP-1732 is not necessary at this time. Current Foundation priorities regarding SCP-1732 are focused on information management and on archaeological excavation, study, and preservation of SCP-1732's remains and artifacts related to SCP-1732.
Special Containment Procedures: The DVR containing SCP-1733 is to be kept in a secure video archive at Site-██. Playback of SCP-1733 is strictly forbidden unless required for research. Personnel must contact Dr. Geller for permission to study SCP-1733.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to impossibility of transport, SCP-1734 is contained on-site at Outpost-1734, which is located on an island in the Caribbean Sea approximately 450km east of ████████. The island is not in the vicinity of any practical sailing route, and as such, any civilians that come within 500 meters of the coast are considered to be suspect. Said civilians are to be detained, interrogated, then escorted from the outpost to the nearest appropriate port and administered class-A amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1735 has been marked with 70 mm lines of industrial paint on its meridian, zenith, and nadir to indicate its position. The area surrounding the beach is maintained with an electrical fence and a staff of two guards. The area is to be surveyed at all times. At no time is the object to be marked again, as current markings have been found to be intangible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1736-1 is to be sedated and kept in a radiation-shielded containment cell. SCP-1736-1 must be kept restrained at all times, and nutrition and hydration shall be administered intravenously. No lights shall be permitted in SCP-1736-1’s containment chamber, and the chamber’s shielding shall be reviewed periodically to insure the minimum penetration of other EM radiation outside the visible spectrum. Vital signs of SCP-1736-1 shall be monitored continually, and any life-threatening change in SCP-1736-1’s vital signs shall initiate a site-wide Code-1736-Orange Alert until such time as SCP-1736-1 is stabilized or expires. The expiration of SCP-1736-1 shall initiate a Foundation-wide Code-1736-Scarlet Alert until such time as SCP-1736-1 is again contained. Currently only one instance of SCP-1736-1 is known to exist at any given time. Discovery of any other SCP-1736-1 outside of containment will institute a Foundation-wide Code-1736-Black Alert, and all resources practicable shall be diverted to the immediate capture and containment of all known instances of SCP-1736-1.
Special Containment Procedures: Once SCP-1737's position has stabilized to a specific location for greater than 3 minutes per GPS tracker, the closest available MTF will be dispatched to the site in order to take it into custody. Although SCP-1737 demanifests upon the completion of any sporting event it attends, the apprehension allows the Foundation to prevent the remainder of SCP-1737's anomalous activities.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1738 is to be held in a containment chamber, located in Site-77. No personnel are to be seated in SCP-1738 outside of testing, and any personnel displaying sudden new phobias or unusual behavior are to be reported to site command immediately. All personnel assigned to SCP-1738 are to undergo regularly scheduled psychological screenings. In the event that a member of site personnel is confirmed to be affected by SCP-1738, they are to be given Class-A amnestics and reassigned to clerical work at a Foundation front corporation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1739 is contained in Containment Sector ██, located in Site-██. Experimentation plans regarding SCP-1739 must first be forwarded to the O5 Council for approval. Containment Sector ██ is to be constantly monitored. In the event that any individuals spontaneously appear within Containment Sector ██, the O5 Council is to be immediately notified.
Special Containment Procedures: Warning signs are to be placed outside of SCP-1740, claiming it as structurally unstable. SCP-1740 is to be surrounded by a 4 meter high wall, to prevent the viewing of SCP-1740-1. Any instance of SCP-1740-1 found attempting to exit SCP-1740 may be subdued through rope nets. Security personnel are to be stationed in nearby homes at ██-████ █████ Street, and are to administer Class-C amnestics to any trespassing civilians.
Special Containment Procedures: Area-1741 has been constructed as the primary research and containment facility for SCP-1741 and is surrounded by a three meter high fence with a 300 meter radius centered around SCP-1741-A. Civilians are to be deterred under the guise of private property, and any non-Foundation personnel found within the containment zone are to be given Class C amnestics and released.
Special Containment Procedures: Specimens contaminated with SCP-1742 are to be contained in a facility equipped according to Biosafety Level 4 standards at least 1km away from any living quarters or facilities used for food preparation. Researchers entering the facility for testing must wear disposable clothing, which must be incinerated on-site before leaving containment. No other objects are allowed to enter the containment area without approval from the Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its nature, SCP-1743 cannot be moved and thus requires on-site containment. The entrance to SCP-1743 is to be barred with a series of deadbolts and an electronic lock. The electronic module and deadlocks are to be inspected on a daily basis, and any damages are to be repaired immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: The area around SCP-1744 is to be fenced off and access restricted. A security perimeter is to be maintained at all times; unauthorized individuals attempting to access SCP-1744 are to be turned away.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1745 is to be contained on-site at Zone-457. At no time is any electronic equipment to be brought within 1km of SCP-1745. An array of twenty (20) radio broadcasting units are to be arranged in a circle 10km from the center of Zone-457. At all times, the unit furthest from SCP-1745 must broadcast while all others remain silent. Both telescopic and satellite-based observation of SCP-1745 must be maintained continuously. Any breach by SCP-1745 constitutes the immediate implementation of Contingency-Gorynych-A.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation’s astronomical/meteorological forecasting office is to predict the formation of instances of SCP-1746 by gathering and processing weather and climate data from national and international weather forecasting institutions, ground-based and space-based auroral electromagnetic monitors and the Foundation’s own sources. Under the current forecasting model, formation of SCP-1746 instances can be predicted only thirty-three minutes in advance, with travel path predictions reaching 55% accuracy only after instances have formed. This presents a very brief window of time for the necessary resources to be deployed to perform Protocol 1746-Aleph (see Document HG-1746-Aleph).
Special Containment Procedures: As of █/██/████ SCP-1747-1 is to be secured within a standard Site-77 storage locker requiring a Level 3 security clearance to unlock. Site-876 has been built surrounding SCP-1747-2, requiring Level 3 security clearance to access the area. In addition to Site-876's standardized security procedures, no fewer than two armed guards are to be present at all times to prevent unauthorized entry. No personnel are to attempt to make contact with SCP-1747-2 at any time during its manifestation period.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1748 is currently contained at Site-117. The sector assigned to SCP-1748 must be operated by individuals without any form of hearing impairment (this extends to D-Class personnel).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1749-1 is contained in the Safe/Anomalous Items Wing of Site-11. No testing of SCP-1749 has been scheduled to date. Any recovered specimens of SCP-1749-2 are to be contained in standard humanoid containment cells in Site-28. Access to specimens of SCP-1749-2 requires written permission from Site-28's director (Currently Dr. █████) or any member of the O5 council.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation is collaborating with international governments, automotive manufacturers, and environmental protection groups/agencies/watchdogs to advance the development of and promote the adoption of hybrid, electric, and ethanol-powered vehicles while reducing the popularity of petroleum-fueled vehicles. Mobile Task Force Mu-13 ("Ghostbusters") is working with the Department of Analytics to investigate and neutralize both vehicles and petroleum reservoirs that may be affected by SCP-1750. Affected vehicles should be delivered to Foundation Disposal Site-93 for recycling.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1751 is currently contained through suppression of knowledge surrounding it. As SCP-1751 is not a physical object, and due to its unique circumstances, it cannot be fully contained.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1752-1 is currently contained in a sound-proofed cabinet equipped with a microphone and speaker, in the function room of the ████████ Hotel, Manchester, United Kingdom; this latter is designated Site 381. As SCP-1752-1 remains immobile except in the case of Delta Events, current containment efforts are focused on preventing these events. Site 381 should be staffed by a minimum of four agents to monitor SCP-1752-1 activity and prevent unauthorised access. These agents should receive a rudimentary training in traditional medicine as practised in 17th Century England (see Document 1752-Training for full details), and provided with copies of Avicenna's The Canon of Medicine, John Gerald's Herball, or General Historie of Plantes, and Heinrich Kramer's Malleus Maleficarum for use in Protocol 1752-Oracle.
Special Containment Procedures: When not being used for testing, SCP-1753 is to be kept in a 1 m x 1.5 m x 0.5 m fireproof safe in a standard storage unit at Sector-28. Personnel are to avoid direct line of sight with SCP-1753 to minimize the risk of accidental exposure.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1754 is to be contained in an upright position in an airtight acrylic box measuring 40cm X 30cm X 50 cm. Its claws are to be held shut with rubber bands. The floor of the box is to be painted with green pigment. The box is to remain constantly lit. No direct interaction with SCP-1754 is to take place unless properly sealed biohazard suits are worn.
Special Containment Procedures: A sample of SCP-1755 is to be contained at Site 40 following standard Class 1 biohazard procedures. All personnel stationed at Site 40 are forbidden from wearing clothing containing cotton. Uncontained specimens of SCP-1755 are to be incinerated, and the area monitored for further outbreaks.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1756 is to be kept in a locked safe in the Audiovisual Wing of Site 73. A television, compatible remote control, and compatible cables and power adapter are to be provided in Room 346 for testing by researchers Level 2 and higher. All playbacks produced by SCP-1756 are to be filmed and archived for future analysis. A complete video archive of Siskel and Ebert At the Movies, and its predecessor programs, is to be maintained on site for comparison of SCP-1756 recordings to existing episodes. Testing involving SCP objects in optical disc format or any other Foundation-produced recordings shall require approval from the site director.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1757 is to be kept in a locked storage container within the Site-17 audio/visual department, with keypad combination in possession of Research Director. Under no circumstances are researchers to be allowed to view SCP-1757; if it must be played for any reason, class D personnel (preferably those with some level of mental retardation) are to be employed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1758 is to be contained in a standard Anomalous Item Containment Locker at Site-118. Every month, SCP-1758 is to be examined for damage and normal deterioration due to age. If repair is deemed necessary, maintenance personnel should contact the supervisor for SCP-1758.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1759 is to be locked in its guarded hangar at all time. Hangar is monitored remotely by Foundation operated cameras to prevent possible contact.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1760 are to be contained within Site-84. The surrounding four square kilometers are to be enclosed within a chain-link fence topped with barbed wire. Citizens are to be dissuaded with a cover story of archaeological research. During manifestation, all instances of SCP-1760 are to be opened and the contents cataloged. SCP-1760 are then to be refitted with tracking beacons and resealed prior to the end of the manifestation.
Special Containment Procedures: Interaction with SCP-1761-1 and/or any instances of SCP-1761-2 must be approved and monitored by a Foundation diplomat. In the event of a containment breach, personnel must precede all physical actions against SCP-1761-1 by vocalizing a declaration of war (for a list of approved declarations of war, see document 1761-08).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1762-1 is held in a standard containment unit at Site-██. During the periods when SCP-1762-1 releases SCP-1762-2, video logs are to be recorded for future research. Although instances of SCP-1762-2 have been deemed harmless, they should not be allowed to exit their containment unit.
Special Containment Procedures: The stairwell leading into the basement containing SCP-1763 is to be kept closed at all times, and guarded from the inside by two security personnel. A clearance level of 2 or higher is required for entrance. Personnel interested in viewing video records of performance incidents are to contact Dr. Howder.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1765's activity is currently limited to the confines of Area-37, which is considered its effective containment zone. Due to SCP-1765's complete infestation of Area-37, it is to be considered a Type-4 Corporeally Unstable Territory, and all Foundation personnel inside are to be considered effectively lost. A defensive perimeter has been established around Area-37 according to standard Telemachus Protocol. Attempts to breach Area-37's complex have all ended with the loss of all involved Mobile Task Force Personnel, and so have been discontinued until further notice. In the event that SCP-1765's activity spreads, the on-site nuclear devices stored in Area-37 may be activated with the authorization of O5-Command. Due to the large volume of data produced by the activity of SCP-1765, a designated server farm has been constructed to contain it. Said server farm is to be kept isolated from all other Foundation networks.
Special Containment Procedures: Currently, containment of SCP-1766 is not possible. Individuals affected by the actions of SCP-1766 are to be dosed with a Class-C amnestic and released after being questioned about the incident. Any leak in information to the media is to be suppressed through the normal channels.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1767 is kept in a custom built aquarium, equipped with automated and manually operable medical equipment. Vital signs are continually monitored; noticeable changes are to be responded to immediately by the designated medical team. Water temperature is maintained at 20°C. Water pumps are installed to assist in respiration when necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1768 are to be quarantined and removed immediately. All instances are to be stored in a chamber of reinforced concrete with a minimum of 5 meters of space between the instance and the surface of the chamber. Instances shall be suspended above the surface of the chamber by rope insulated steel cable temperature-treated up to 1500° C. All personnel attempting to enter a room containing an instance of SCP-1768 are advised to verify safe containment through preliminary entrance of a member of Class-D personnel. Handling of instances should be done only through clothing and equipment with similar heat-resistant and non-conductive properties.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-1769, full containment is not possible at this time. As such, Foundation efforts are to be focused at neutralizing individual outbreaks as they occur. Containment procedures for SCP-1769 and SCP-1769-A are to be carried out at separate sites. Site-59 is to house personnel and equipment for detecting and neutralizing SCP-1769. Area-56 is to be kept at an undisclosed location, and will house infected subjects of SCP-1769-A.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1770 is to be held in a standard reinforced humanoid containment chamber in Site-19’s maximum security wing. While the subject has been docile during its containment, due to its violent history two (2) armed guards are to be posted at the entrance to the subject’s chamber at all times, and the inside of the chamber is to be under constant surveillance. Due to SCP-1770's resistance to standard ballistic ammunition and its vulnerability to corrosive materials, the guards are to be armed with corrosive agents. All personnel handling SCP-1770 are to wear full body hazmat suits, not allowing any skin contact with SCP-1770.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1771 are to be contained in a fenced off area 30 meters in radius. The border must be patrolled by Foundation personnel, and any civilian found within the contained area is to be given a Class-C amnestic before release. In manifestations that occur within a well-populated area, all properties in the fenced off area are to be purchased by a Foundation front corporation. In addition, the fence and patrols are to be substituted by walls and plainclothed guards. Any civilian claiming to have knowledge about an instance of SCP-1771 is to be given Class-A amnestic and released. Should a civilian claim to personally know an inhabitant of SCP-1771, they are to be interviewed for information before said treatment (exceptions and relevant procedure are listed in Document 1771-A1). All inhabitants of a new SCP-1771 instance are to be checked for identity and health every 3 weeks until a set schedule of each instance's residents has been established. Afterwards, each inhabitant is to be checked for both mental and physical health annually, on the first day of their appearance. All health concerns are to be promptly treated on site.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1772 is kept in a locked plexiglass box in the High-Value Documents section of the Site-19 Archives. Access may be granted with authorization from the Head Archivist and the lead researcher on SCP-1772.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1773 should be kept in their original plastic container in a refrigeration unit when not being tested. During testing, care must be taken to not consume SCP-1773. Personnel who consume SCP-1773 must have their stomachs pumped within 30 minutes. Once every two weeks, ten grams of dust may be placed in SCP-1773's container, although it is not necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Each SCP-1774 instance is to be kept in Class-2 Spectral Containment units in separate wings of Site 88. SCP-1774-01, -04, and 07 are to have their batteries recharged or replaced weekly to ensure that the entities contained within are not destroyed due to oversight. Testing is to be performed with the permission of Director York.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1775 has been designated as a condemned building; a barbed wire fence has been constructed around a 20 metre radius to deter unauthorized access. Inquiries into the status of SCP-1775 are to be fielded by Samuel Clark Properties, a Foundation construction front.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1776 is to be kept behind opaque shatterproof glass in a locked room at Site 632, the offices of Foundation front company Springfield Cargo Protection. Task Force Omicron-6991-B ("Whackblotter") is responsible for the security of Site 632 and SCP-1776. TF 6991-B is to be employed indirectly by Site 632 management and is not to be made aware of the Foundation's existence. Members of TF 6991-B are to be recruited exclusively from police and private security backgrounds. No person who has served in the armed forces of any nation or in any paramilitary organization, including as part of a Foundation task force, is to be involved with the testing or containment of SCP-1776.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the public nature of SCP-1777-2, and the rarity/safe nature of SCP-1777-1, SCP-1777 is, for the most part, uncontained. Site-E13 is to remain staffed at all times, with remote surveillance of SCP-1777-2 to occur on a 24 hour basis. Should SCP-1777-1 make an appearance to a visitor, Site staff are to record any commentary made, then dispatch a team which is to include two security members dressed as tour guides, and one dressed so as to resemble SCP-1777-1. Suggested cover story is that the agent so dressed is a reenactor with a local troupe, and was playing a role. Should the visitor be disinclined to believe the cover story, use of stun guns and amnestics is approved.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1779 are to be kept in Alpha Building at Bio-Site 66, in cages large enough to allow for comfortable movement. Each instance is to be provided with $8.00 USD weekly in assorted change.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1780 is contained in high-value anomalous item storage locker #0097 at Site-17. Access is permitted to personnel with Level 4 clearance at the discretion of the item’s HMCL Supervisor (currently Dr. Iliza Schrader). Experimentation with SCP-1780 and all sub-designations is suspended indefinitely. The procedure below is kept for archival and emergency purposes only.
Special Containment Procedures: The roadway leading to SCP-1781 has been blocked off near State Road ██. A perimeter fence has been constructed around SCP-1781, and is to be patrolled nightly. Any individuals who breach the fence are to be contained, administered a Class A amnestic, and turned over to the ███████████ Police Department.
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance and a perimeter of SCP-1782 are to be monitored at all times. Although SCP-1782 has not yet proven itself to be outwardly hostile, the door to the room should be guarded by at least two armed personnel at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Under no circumstances are any individuals with type-B blood antigens (B+/-, AB+/-) to be permitted within 100m of SCP-1783. Standard blood screenings should allow the location and removal of any such individuals from duty at Site 38. In the event personnel with B-type blood antigens enter the effect radius, SCP-1783 will become enraged until such individuals are brought into its presence for it to attack, or until it has been isolated for 30 (thirty) hours. Affected individuals are to be immediately tranquilized and placed in containment with SCP-1783 until conversion process is complete; fully converted individuals may be left in containment with SCP-1783, placed in storage, or destroyed at the discretion of Site 38 command.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1784 are to be contained in a rainforest bio-enclosure with at least 4m3 allotted for each instance. The bio-enclosure is to be exposed to direct sunlight as much as possible. Instances are permitted to interact with one another and the structures they create. When they are recovered, currently uncontained instances of SCP-1784 are to be contained under the same procedures. One staff member who meets all criteria to be an instance of SCP-1784-1 is to be on hand at all times. No other personnel are to meet said criteria.
Special Containment Procedures: Judith is to be kept at Bio Site-103, in a 2 x 2 meter garden plot in Low Priority Sector H. The plot should be fertilized every 4-6 weeks during growing season. Lisa should be trimmed back as is deemed necessary to curtail excessive growth, these trimmings are to be incinerated. Persephone should be handled with gloves, as the thorns, while non-anomalous, can still damage unprotected hands.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1786 is to be contained in a hermetically sealed chamber. The chamber is to be kept at 0% humidity at all times by use of Foundation type-9 dehumidifiers. SCP-1786 is to contain no water. In the event that the air of the chamber becomes at all humidified, or that SCP-1786 contains water, the chamber is to be evacuated of air, and all coffee produced by SCP-1786 is to be drained and discarded. Research is to focus on determining a method of preventing SCP-1786 from being powered. Attending personnel must be trained to fully believe that SCP-1786 is a coffee percolator. While the coffee produced by SCP-1786 is safe to drink under certain circumstances, doing so is discouraged.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1787-A is to be contained in standard living quarters with suitable furnishings, including a bed, a bedside table and a lamp, a recliner and a workbench. Other entertainment materials such as books and musical equipment are to be given at the discretion of the on duty researcher. SCP-1787-A is to be made to believe it resides in a retirement home in ██████, Italy.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-1788 is currently impossible. Embedded agents in various governments, including those of ███████, ██████, and ███ ██████ ██████ ██ ███████, are working to enact mandatory roentgen screenings under the guise of tuberculosis eradication, as a means of pinpointing SCP-1788-1 instances. Any suspected instances of SCP-1788-1 are to be reported immediately to Armed Biological Area-223 Command. Personnel are not to engage suspected instances and should retreat immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1789 is contained in Storage Chamber 34, located in Site 17. Storage Chamber 34 is to be equipped with audio and video monitoring devices. SCP-1789 is to be suspended via harness above a collection trough at all times. Collected samples of SCP-1789-1 are to be disposed of within three hours as a biohazard, unless samples are required for testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1790 is to be housed in isolation in a modified standard humanoid containment cell. SCP-1790 is to be blindfolded at all times, and fitted with vocal restraints whenever it is outside its cell, except for testing or as medically necessary; staff are to make no attempt to directly communicate with SCP-1790 except for the issuance of orders and directions. SCP-1790 is to be monitored at all times for any attempt to injure or kill itself and any attempt is to be responded to with prompt and comprehensive medical attention. Any communication with SCP-1790 is to be conducted via an asynchronous text-based medium and all communications from SCP-1790 are to be reviewed simultaneously by at least three staff members possessing Level 4 clearance. All personnel responsible for handling of SCP-1790 are to be screened regularly for indications of SCP-1790 influence and are to be reassigned as necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Epsilon-7 ("Godmothers") are to take instances of SCP-1791-X into custody for containment in Unit 16 at Bio-Research Area-12. Instances of SCP-1791-X should be sedated upon contact and removed from their residence immediately. After containment, normal structure and content of the residence of each instance must be confirmed before the area may be opened to occupation by civilians.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1792 in physical media are to be kept in a locked room, away from human contact. Recordings of SCP-1792 are not to be played, and devices it has been played on are to remain disconnected from power sources and display devices. Images produced by SCP-1792 are to be covered at all times; visual contact, direct or indirect, is prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1793 is to be kept in a small mammal containment cell at Research Sector-71. Gravimeters are to be installed around this containment cell. SCP-1793 is to be fed with veterinary approved rabbit mix, vegetables and other appropriate nutritional and medical supplements.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1794 is to be kept in a refrigerated minimum security storage locker at Site-██. The locker is to be fitted with a two-way intercom. SCP-1794 may request audio media such as music or literature to be played over its intercom system; however, all requests must be approved by Level 2 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-1795 inhabit extremely remote locales in interstellar space and are composed of dimensions that exceed that of the Earth; therefore, containment of all SCP-1795 entities is impossible at present. Movements of all known cases of SCP-1795 should be tracked and their creation cycles monitored for any new developments. Foundation personnel within NASA, ESA and deep space observatories have confirmed that there are no known cases of SCP-1795 within at least twenty light years of Earth, with analysis of space to the depth of thirty light years currently ongoing. Any close scientific examination (i.e. examination with the intent to locate exoplanets) into any stars listed in Document B1795, from any body other than the Foundation is to be suppressed immediately as the stars listed all harbor a case of SCP-1795 in varying stages of creation. Any public or government examination of young protostars not yet cleared by the Foundation is to be closely monitored for any data revealing cases of SCP-1795 in the universe. Should such a case occur, Class-A amnestics will be administered to all individuals involved, with all recorded data to be seized by the Foundation for analysis and expunged from the public record.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1796 is to be held within a standard containment locker, located in the basement floor of Site-77's Safe SCP wing. No personnel who have authored containment documentation are to interact with SCP-1796, and anyone with Level 3 clearance or above is forbidden from accessing SCP-1796 at all. All documents produced by SCP-1796 are to be stored in Site-77's anomalous media archive. Testing with SCP-1796 is currently restricted, pending a review of Site-77's archives.
Special Containment Procedures: Isolated samples of SCP-1797 are contained at Site-197, under standard containment procedures for viral agents.
Special Containment Procedures: Three instances of SCP-1798 are to be maintained within the botanical wing of Site-172. Additional instances may be created at the discretion of the Senior Researcher assigned to SCP-1798.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1799 is to be contained in a soundproofed humanoid containment cell, with the other Misters in Hall ██ of Site-██. Personnel entering SCP-1799's cell are to be fitted with a voice canceling helmet to prevent communication with the subject. Any personnel entering or leaving SCP-1799's cell are to be thoroughly searched for any potential weapon, and SCP-1799's cell is to be thoroughly inspected once every 24 hours to check for contraband.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1800 is stored in a restricted area of Sector-19. All accessways and rooms within a 200m radius of SCP-1800 shall be kept to authorized personnel only, and will be kept clear of unnecessary personnel during testing. Personnel authorized to be in the restricted area must not fit Profile Alpha-1800-1 (see: Addendum 2) or Profile Beta-1800-1 (see: Addendum 3) Testing is authorized on SCP-1800 with approval of the current project leader.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the complexity of SCP-1801, it has so far proved impossible to isolate outside a host. All subjects infected with SCP-1801 shall be kept in the dedicated SCP-1801 Bio-Research Medical Facility at Armed Bio-Containment Area-14. The entire building shall be kept under Level 4 Biohazard containment protocols, and a 100m security perimeter is to be maintained around the structure under constant guard. Persons attempting unauthorized entry or exit of the secure perimeter are to be immediately terminated and the remains incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1802 is to be kept in Humanoid Chamber C-08 at Armed Containment Area 24 pending relocation to a Safe storage facility and monitored according to humanoid containment guidelines. Its cell is to be inspected regularly for concealed objects.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1803 is to be kept at Sector-23, suspended by steel cables from the ceiling of a secure 10m (w) x 25m (d) x 15m (h) item containment room. SCP-1803 is to be kept at least 1m from contact with the floors, walls or ceiling of its containment area. Cables suspending SCP-1803 should be no greater than 15mm in diameter and should be spaced no closer than 0.5m together at their anchor points. SCP-1803-1 is to be monitored continually for changes in content by security personnel with level 4 clearance. Changes in content shall be documented and forwarded to the Foundation Intelligence Analysis Department for assessment. Any experiments must be cleared with the Intelligence Analysis Department.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1804 is to be housed in a secure office at Site-19. Any text produced by SCP-1804 showing anomalous properties shall be treated as a Safe memetic SCP, given the next sequential SCP designation number1 and stored in hardcopy-only format in an adjacent secure document locker.
Special Containment Procedures: When SCP-1805 is in an active phase, it is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell in Site-17. When SCP-1805 is in an inactive phase, it is to be wrapped in a lint-free protective sheet and placed in a standard anomalous item locker. SCP-1805 does not require food, water or oxygen, even during an active phase. SCP-1805 requires periodic cleaning with non-solvent based antiseptic cleansers, externally on a bi-weekly basis, and internally on a weekly basis as well as immediately after sexual contact. While in an active phase, SCP-1805 has shown willingness to perform such cleaning itself. In an inactive phase such cleaning should be performed by D-class personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1806 is to be kept in a secure, light-proof anomalous items locker at Site-19. SCP-1806 shall not be exposed to direct sunlight except when being used in an approved experiment. Foundation personnel are to maintain at least ten meters between themselves and SCP-1806 during testing, and shall not place themselves between SCP-1806 and any light source.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1807 is to be kept in Containment Cell #8467 at Site 23. Unless instructed otherwise for the purposes of testing, personnel are not to make unprotected skin contact with the object. Protective gear must be worn at all times, even when venturing into SCP-1807-1. Sample audio recordings are to be taken within SCP-1807-1 weekly so as to study the behavior of SCP-1807-A instances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1808-1 through SCP-1808-6 are to be kept within a shared containment locker in Safe Wing-C at Site-25. Any use of SCP-1808 outside of a strictly monitored testing environment is prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1809-A is to be housed within a containment cell furnished suitably as a living area. Item requests are to reviewed prior to approval or denial. The cell is to be monitored, and all regurgitations and/or excretions are to be analysed prior to disposal or storage. SCP-1809-A is to be fed twice daily as per Protocol SF-01. Microscopic analysis is to be conducted within a separate area in which individual instances of SCP-1809-1 may be observed and/or extracted.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1810 is contained in a Large Humanoid Containment Unit at Site 147, with the addition of a recreation area with assorted toys, books, and art supplies. It is to be given three meals daily, in accordance with Foundation-employed dietitian guidelines. All meals or beverages given to SCP-1810 are to be laced with a combination of anti-depressants and a mild sedative to reduce mental strain from being kept from performing its desired task, reduce the stress from interacting with security officers and staff, and reduce the likelihood of another attempt to breach the containment cell or escape from Foundation custody. Foundation staff interacting with SCP-1810 must be fluent in the French language. SCP-1810 is to be provided access to its recreation area for up to four hours each day; this privilege may be revoked by the security staff or lead researchers if SCP-1810 proves uncooperative.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1811 is contained in a standard locker at Site-68. Instances of SCP-1811-1 through 217 are currently stored in room D308 of the restricted section of the Foundation’s Library. Access to these items requires clearance level 3 and approval from the researcher in charge of SCP-1811.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1812 is currently located 180km from the surface of the Earth, and poses no threat of collision at this time. No more than 400 personnel within the Foundation, including O5-█, O5-██ and the Site-38 astronomy department, are allowed to be fully aware of SCP-1812 at any given time, due to possible spread of knowledge of SCP-1812.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1813 is kept in a 200000 L tank constructed with reinforced glass, located in the biological sector of Site-18. SCP-1813 is to be fed a diet of lettuce three times weekly.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1814 must be kept in a vacuum-sealed airtight box at all times, except during testing procedures. This box must be deoxygenated. The only entrance to the room is a double-seal airlock. The box's walls must be continually monitored for cracks, chips, or fractures by way of security camera. If any of these are noticed, the room must be immediately evacuated of gas, utilizing a large one-way air turbine in the ceiling above the box, and the box must be repaired by D-class subjects wearing pressurized fireproof suits and respirators. Subjects with respiratory disorders or conditions are not to be allowed into SCP-1814's chamber without a note from a doctor with Class-4 clearance or higher. Subjects exposed to SCP-1814-2 in an oxygenated environment must be immediately and forcefully deoxygenated, even if it results in the subject's death. As a precaution, all subjects entering SCP-1814's chamber must undergo psych evaluation to detect pyromaniac tendencies. Such subjects are to be terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1815 is presently designated as Neutralized. This file will remain in the event that anomalous activity has been detected to resume. For information regarding the neutralization of SCP-1815, please see SCP-3965 and Document-3965-Baoying.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1816 is confined in an underground experimental room measuring 10m x 10m x 5m. The room is climate-controlled and equipped with sunlight-simulating lamps. Access to SCP-1816 is forbidden to all female personnel, unless approved by Dr. Coulloudon. The maintenance of SCP-1816, including pruning, fertilization and re-potting, is to be conducted by Professor H. Pak.
Special Containment Procedures: A 3m tall chain link fence topped with barbed wire has been constructed 100m away from the edge of SCP-1817. All personnel at the site of the anomaly are to wear Level A hazmat suits. At least thirty (30) personnel are to patrol the perimeter of SCP-1817 at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation interaction with the ███████ company is to be maintained so that no flights leave under the conditions which are known to cause SCP-1818. Any scheduled flights matching said conditions are to be delayed until after 13:40 GMT, unless they were scheduled for the purposes of experimentation with SCP-1818; said flights should not contain unaffiliated passengers.
Special Containment Procedures: Procedures should be adapted to the age and condition of each instance of SCP-1819-X. The surface of the skin must be thoroughly and constantly exposed to 500 lux of visible light (this can be reduced to 100 lux during sleep periods). Typical containment units are designed like tanning booths or beds, but equipped with lamps producing visible light. The following precautions must be implemented until the contagious nature of SCP-1819 is fully understood:
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-1820, it is contained within Site 182, which has been designated a Special Wildlife Refuge by the US Fish and Wildlife Service to assist in isolating the object. If any civilians are detected either from the perimeter observation towers or through satellite surveillance, MTF Tau-7 (Smokey’s Rangers) is to intercept and redirect, using available cover stories (detailed in Document-1820-4.12), or non-lethal force and administration of class-B amnestics where applicable. No personnel above class-D are to enter Site 182 unless prior permission is granted by a level 2 supervisor and a standard-issue GPS locator and a head-mounted camera are used. The locator must be constantly monitored by the personnel entering Site 182 and the current level 2/1820 supervisor.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1821 is to be contained in a steel-reinforced 12m by 12m by 7m seawater tank with a Calypso-class DOCC system. The tank is to be completely darkened, cooled to 4°C, and pressurized to 78.6 MPa. No visible light may enter SCP-1821's containment area. SCP-1821 may be observed with passive infrared.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment Procedures outdated, please see below. SCP-1822 has been shown to uniformly permeate 100% of the observable universe, and therefore cannot be contained. Thankfully, SCP-1822 does not pose a significant risk to the public or Foundation operations. Therefore, containment efforts are to be focused on minimizing knowledge of the extent of SCP-1822's properties. Foundation agents stationed in various sites of interest such as places of academia, statistics and research laboratories are to monitor and report any findings that may lead to the discovery of SCP-1822's anomalous qualities.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1823's position is to be monitored at all times via satellite imaging and naval reconnaissance. All non-Foundation seafaring vessels are to be redirected from routes likely to intersect SCP-1823's path. Civilian vessels are to be deterred using falsified weather reports. Military vessels are to be given rerouting orders from assets in said government's navy. If these measures are insufficient, vessels are to be detained and forcibly rerouted, and those on-board are to be given Class-B amnestics. Should any vessel become victim to SCP-1823, aerial support and recovery is to be implemented (survivors are likewise to be administered Class-B amnestics), and the incident is to be attributed to weather conditions.
Special Containment Procedures: Early identification (prior to the Expansion State) of SCP-1824 remains a top priority in containment of the phenomenon. Personnel are to monitor the economies of the United States, Mexico and Canada and investigate any localized significant recession.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1825 is to be contained in a 5 m x 5 m x 3 m storage room. Testing with SCP-1825 is recommended to take place inside a 10 m x 34 m x 3 m rectangular room composed of reinforced steel, and must be authorized by at least two Level 3 personnel. SCP-1825 is only allowed to be removed from storage for testing purposes, and is not to be activated outside, or inside a spherical room <See Addendum-1825-01-A>.
Special Containment Procedures: During the month of March, entrance into SCP-1826 is forbidden except for previously approved testing subjects. Researchers may freely enter the area after an event has begun, and during any other time during the year. Fauna produced from testing should be relocated to a secure habitat immediately after events in the area have concluded.
Special Containment Procedures: Due its immovable nature, Dimensional Site-55 has been built surrounding SCP-1827. SCP-1827 is to be housed within a 50m x 50m x 50m1 Class-III Dimensional Containment Chamber. Instances of SCP-1827-2 are to be recovered for study and subsequently contained. Items retrieved from instances of SCP-1827-2 are to be contained in a Low-Value Anomalous Item Storage.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1828 is kept in a dedicated monitoring laboratory at Site 17, with constant video recording of the entire interior. Immediately after each transformation, analysis software is to match all replicas produced to known on-site personnel and notify the researcher and lead security officer on duty of any discrepancies. Additionally, any SCP-1828-A present are to have their location and positioning noted, and the location of any intersections are to be analyzed for abnormalities.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1829 is contained at the vacant "Wild Springs" water park in Addison, Wisconsin, where it was originally discovered. At least two (2) Foundation guards are to be posted at the park's gates to prevent civilian access to SCP-1829. Once weekly, SCP-1829 is to be supplied with 25 kilograms of raw meat (see Addendum 1829-1). The pool at SCP-1829's base should be inspected following digestion, and any undigested remains should be removed by net and incinerated. As the "Wild Springs" amusement park has been marked condemned since 1979, no further containment procedures are necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1830-A is located in a custom-built 12m X 12m X 4m medical containment cell in Sector-07. A perimeter of 5 meters radius, centering on SCP-1830-A, is marked with a red line to indicate SCP-1830-B's area of appearance. A medical team should attend to SCP-1830-A's treatment on a daily basis. Should SCP-1830-A recover from the comatose state, one psychotherapist specialized in autistic spectrum disorders and post-traumatic stress disorder should be added to the team. This member must speak fluent Cantonese. During treatments, one member of security staff must be present outside the perimeter. Such arrangement exists not due to any threat from SCP-1830-B's part, but solely to reduce surprise caused by its sudden appearance. All personnel must be exposed to at least three sightings of SCP-1830-B before taking their posts.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1831 is currently stored within a Minimal Security Lockbox in Site-551.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1832 is to be held in a standard human containment cell at Site 83 and provided with three meals a day. Any request for written materials may be granted only by personnel of level 4 security clearance. No personnel are to attempt communication with SCP-1832, and all attempts by SCP-1832 to initiate conversation are to be ignored. Personnel are forbidden to utilize the effects of SCP-1832 without express written approval of at least three on-site level-4 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1833 is to be contained in a standard containment locker, located in Site-77's Safe SCP wing. No personnel other than Class-D personnel are authorized to handle SCP-1833.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1834 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber. It is to be given daily doses of activated carbon, copper chlorophyllin, and medication for arthritis. Its rations are to exclude foods that contain red meats, legumes, and eggs. As it is compliant with being contained, no further procedures are necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents shall monitor news networks in the United States and Canada for any reports of unusual aircraft activity. Instances of SCP-1835 are to be explained away as experimental aircraft being tested by Sonny Croft Propulsion, a Foundation front. Mobile Task Force Phi-59 ("Hindenburg Haters") will collect as many instances of SCP-1835-A documentation as is logistically feasible after an SCP-1835 event. Class C Amnestics will be dispersed over population centers affected by SCP-1835 in the event of a Grade 3 Public Awareness Breach.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1836 is to be recontained1 within Site-641, which is disguised as an active ecological research station and wildlife preserve at N 74.13- W93.81, encompassing the entirety of the Cunningham Inlet. The research station is to be staffed with a full-time research team and support staff including a classically trained angakkuq2 and a certified cosmetologist.3
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1837 is to be suspended in a liquid containment unit, located within Site-77's Safe SCP wing. Currents are to be created within this unit, keeping it suspended in the center of the unit at all times. Daily maintenance is to be performed to ensure no mechanical errors occur. In the event that SCP-1837 breaches containment, security teams with hoses are to bombard the affected area with a basic solution until it can be re-contained. Fire extinguishing systems may also be activated.
Special Containment Procedures: All professional sporting events in the United States are to be monitored, with particular attention to American football. Should SCP-1838 manifest at any of these events, 2 teams of agents are to be deployed to the location (Team A, consisting of 2 members, and Team B, consisting of 3 members).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1839 is to be kept in containment locker 534 at Site-19. Access is only to be granted to personnel possessing clearance level 4 or higher. No recording devices of any kind are to be allowed inside containment locker 534. Personnel are to note that they are a fish. Personnel who are or who have previously been toasters or libraries should not be assigned to SCP-1839, due to the risk of electrocution or water damage.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1840 is stored at the Site-23 Medium Security Morgue. SCP-1840 is to be maintained in a standard positive temperature mortuary cold chamber. While SCP-1840 has never been observed to fully demonstrate the trait, reanimation risk-avoidance protocols are in effect for this subject on a precautionary basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1841 is to be contained in a standard containment locker, located in Site-77's anomalous documentation wing. Personnel assigned to study SCP-1841 are to study non-anomalous digital copies containing all known locations described and manifested by SCP-1841. During testing, only D-Class personnel are permitted to interact directly with SCP-1841.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1842-1 and SCP-1842-2 are to be kept in separate storage lockers in Site-118's Gamma Wing. Personnel wishing to conduct tests involving SCP-1842 should submit the Experiment Request form to the current researcher staffed with testing the object, or the Director of Site-118's Gamma Wing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1843 is to be held in a Large Containment Vault in Storage Site-12’s Safe SCP Wing. Specimens of the genus Ovis are to be kept at a minimum distance of 2.5 kilometers from SCP-1843's containment. Specimens found within the 2 kilometers radius are to be moved at a minimum distance of 700 meters from SCP-1843’s range of effect or terminated, if necessary. Deceased instances of SCP-1843-2 are to be contained in separate cryogenic freezers after examination.
Special Containment Procedures: At least twelve members of Task Force Omega-144 are to be stationed at Site-308 at all times, with no fewer than three members of the task force concurrently conducting their respective containment protocols within a deposited capsule at any given time. The containment protocol is to be conducted as follows:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1845 is to be housed in a fully enclosed, climate-controlled habitat simulating a North American temperate rainforest. Hidden cameras capable of low-light recording shall be installed throughout to monitor SCP-1845. SCP-1845 is to be provided with nutrient-supplemented, vegetable-based foods as necessary to supplement nutrition available from plant and insect life in the habitat. A keyboard and monitor shall be installed near SCP-1845-1's den to facilitate communication between SCP-1845-1 and agents Level 2 or higher. Any requests made by SCP-1845-1 will be considered by the site director on a case-by-case basis, in light of the nature of the object requested and SCP-1845-1's willingness to cooperate with agents. No outside mammals or birds are to be transported into facility except for testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1846 is to be kept in a Type 3 Humanoid Containment Cell at Site 17. SCP-1846's cell shares a wall with the exterior of the facility. Sensors on the outside of the facility are to measure variations in wind speed at points directly exterior to SCP-1846's cell. Values between 60 and 80 kph are normal; readings outside of this range are to be reported to the Site Director and SCP-1846.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the unique nature of SCP-1847, containment protocols are to be enacted in response to manifestations as they occur. No female personnel are permitted involvement in the containment protocols for SCP-1847 at any time. All public flight manifests inbound to England, United Kingdom are to be monitored and recorded. Should the name "William Whitword" appear on any passenger listing, personnel are to be deployed to said flight and observe the individual under the guise of flight attendants. If the subject is determined to be a manifestation of SCP-1847, said Agents are to alert Mobile Task Force Delta-22 "Gentlemen" to the situation. MTF Delta-22 is to apprehend SCP-1847 upon landing, and all passengers/airline staff involved in the incident are to be administered Class-A amnestics. Standard media blackout procedures are to be followed. SCP-1847 is then to be transferred to the nearest practicable Secure Site.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1849 is to be contained in a standard indoor animal enclosure, with security cameras placed discreetly in the four corners of the ceiling. The enclosure floor should be standard concrete, covered with a layer of newsprint. Enclosure should be supplied with an assortment of sticks and branches every three days. Newsprint should be replaced daily, or more often if needed; all waste material is to be incinerated. Personnel cleaning the enclosure are to wear breathing filters.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1850 is to be kept in an aircraft hangar at Site 6; the temperature within the hangar is to be kept above 15 (fifteen) degrees Celsius. A radio beacon has been attached to SCP-1850's landing struts; the beacon's battery levels and proper function must be confirmed before SCP-1850 leaves its hangar for any reason. No personnel are to enter SCP-1850's cockpit, or to touch any surface within the cockpit, unless SCP-1850 has first been tranquilized; tranquilizers are to be administered by injecting its food with 80 (eighty) milligrams of diazepam, warming the food to 30 (thirty) degrees Celsius, introducing it into SCP-1850's cockpit, and then waiting until the food has been consumed. An 80-milligram dose of diazepam tranquilizes SCP-1850 for approximately 90 minutes; tranquilizers are not to be administered more often than once every ten days.
Special Containment Procedures: Only D-Class level personnel are permitted to enter the building containing SCP-1851. Six to ten armed guards are to be stationed around the perimeter of the building containing SCP-1851. A two meter tall chain link fence is to surround the two hundred square meter property. Unauthorized individuals entering the property are to be ordered to leave. Individuals are to be administered Class C amnestics if non-compliant and deposited in ████ Medical Center.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1852-2 is to be stored in a climate controlled storage room in the Antique Objects wing of Site 73. Testing is to be conducted by no fewer than two personnel, Level 2 or higher, fully trained in communicating in Morse code. Due to the waste heat and alpha radiation produced by SCP-1852-2, personnel conducting testing are to stand away from SCP-1852-2 during its active phase, wear appropriate radiation shielding during testing, and undergo decontamination at the conclusion of testing as necessary. All interviews are to be recorded, transcribed, and archived. Any questions to be asked of SCP-1852-1 are to be pre-screened and approved by a Level 4 staff member. No information provided by SCP-1852-1 is to be considered factual in the absence of external confirmation.
Special Containment Procedures: All known samples of SCP-1853 are to be contained in air-tight containers under restricted access at Site-77 in Storage Locker 663. When in containment, SCP-1853 is not to be used on D-Class personnel or any other human subjects for testing purposes. Only chemical analysis testing is approved. When being tested, a small amount should be stored in an aerosol dispersal system.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1854-1 is stored in Standard Small Items Containment Chamber B5129 in Sector-23, and must be kept covered by an opaque cloth in all non-testing scenarios.
Special Containment Procedures: A perimeter around the entrance to SCP-1855 is to be maintained at all times. Roadblocks are set at the entrance to the road and civilian vehicles are advised by plainclothes agents to turn away. The entity located near the entrance to SCP-1855 is to be regularly monitored by security cameras.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1857 is stored in a dedicated, hermetically sealed containment chamber. Surveillance of SCP-1857 may be performed only through indirect means, and all personnel involved in the containment or research of SCP-1857 must undergo mandatory weekly psychiatric evaluations. Personnel found to have been affected by SCP-1857 are to be quarantined under standard memetic hazard isolation procedures and administered a Class A amnestic.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the destruction SCP-1858 may cause, the 30 kilometer stretch of U.S Route 35 is to be under remote satellite surveillance at all times. Entrances and exits within the 30 kilometer stretch leading to and from Route 35 are to be permanently closed off from public access.
Special Containment Procedures: The current goal of studying SCP-1859 is to catalogue the endemic life forms contained within and to prevent the escape of endemic life into the surrounding ecosystem. To this end, all known access points are to be either sealed or continually monitored by closed circuit television (maintained weekly for any malfunctioning components). Exploration of the walls of the surrounding chamber for further access points is ongoing, and any newly discovered tunnels are to be thoroughly examined and mapped, prior to being permanently sealed, in order to ensure that there are no infestations of endemic fauna.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1860 is to be kept in a sound-proof containment chamber of standard size for humanoids, for the convenience of overseeing personnel. A drainage system is to be incorporated into SCP-1860's containment chamber, with the purpose of transporting SCP-1860-1 to storage and disposal in Sector-57. Communication with SCP-1860 is deemed unnecessary at the present time, and should be kept to a minimum until further approval.
Special Containment Procedures: If a manifestation of SCP-1861 is reported, Task Force agents from the nearest Foundation Outpost are to reroute traffic away from the affected area and prevent civilian interaction with SCP-1861-B instances. A separate team must be deployed with the specific task of locating and preventing access to SCP-1861-A. As SCP-1861-B instances cannot be destroyed with brute force, diplomatic means of preventing civilian abduction should be undertaken if at all possible. Foundation Misinformation agents positioned in local news sources and weather monitoring sites are to attribute SCP-1861 to irregularities in air pressure and large quantities of dust present in storm water. Civilians who enter SCP-1861-A are to be declared legally dead, with causes of death attributed to common inclement weather accidents.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1862 is to be contained in a chamber of similar proportions and furnishings to a Class-2 humanoid containment cell, but with all inner surfaces constructed entirely of plexiglass, polyethylene, polypropylene, or other 1862-Safe materials. A complete list of 1862-Safe substances may be found in Document 1862-A. Unexposed structural elements may be constructed of standard materials.
Special Containment Procedures: Individuals affected by SCP-1863-A are to be separated from individuals affected by SCP-1863-B. Both subgroups are to be kept at Site-28 for study, and are not to be made aware of the other party, and are to be given access to either SCP-1863-A or SCP-1863-B, dependent on their subgroup, to ensure their continued survival.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1864 is currently contained on SCP-1864-Alpha. Foundation vessels in and around the location of SCP-1864-Alpha Materialization events should monitor civilian vessel activity during the new moon, and turn away vessels that come within 5km of SCP-1864-Alpha.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1865 is to be contained inside of a humanoid containment unit that has been immersed in seawater. SCP-1865 is to be positioned at the center of this room, with weights preventing it from achieving an ambulatory state. Entry to SCP-1865's containment cell is to be restricted via an airlock. If SCP-1865 must be removed from its cell, it is to be transported with a steel 1x0.5 meter transport container.
Special Containment Procedures: Since 2 July 2010, SCP-1866 is stored at Site 20, Building C, room 184A, in a cardboard box measuring 140 cm x 140 cm x 146 cm. The box contains a card table 137 cm wide, 137 cm long, and 71 cm tall. An envelope has been stapled to the center of the table and is to remain so at all times; SCP-1866 is to be placed inside the envelope when not in use. Pictograph stickers depicting the type of hazards (118 Data Corruption; 003 Self-Propagating) and means of activation (005 Proximity) are affixed in a prominent location on the box's exterior.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1867 is to be kept in a 40x70x30 cm aquatic specimen tank. No additional security measures are necessary. SCP-1867’s environment and the care thereof are identical to that of non-anomalous members of the species.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1868 must be used to monitor the electrical activity of the heart of a Class-D personnel. A second D-Class personnel is to remain on standby should a replacement be necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1869 is to be contained in a standard humanoid cell furnished with a writing desk, and provided with a constant supply of writing material. SCP-1869 should be examined weekly by a medical personnel and undergo monthly psychological evaluations. Disruption of SCP-1869's writing process should be kept to a minimum during these routine examinations. Notes produced by SCP-1869 are to be inspected daily and filed with documentation pertaining to project SCP-1869.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its location, containment of SCP-1870 requires only minimal on-site supervision to keep anomalous activity confined. On-site personnel are tasked with interviewing and documenting behavior of entities housed within SCP-1870.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1871 is stored in an upright storage container at Storage Site-08. Requests for testing are to be directed to Dr. Lutwidge.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1872 is to be kept without batteries in a Safe security locker. Once a day this is to be checked for signs of tampering. Any testing done with SCP-1872 must be done in an indoor vehicle testing facility, and only with approved vehicles. No personnel other than D-Class are to be present inside of the test range.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1873 is to be kept in a standard containment locker from the 1st to the 18th and from the 22nd to the end of each month. Three days prior to the object's transportation event, it is to be moved to a cold storage chamber alongside a cadaver of the specifications shown further into this document. After the object's transportation event, its contents are to be recovered, logged and stored appropriately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1874 is to be contained in a paddock at the Agricultural Research Station at Site 58, as part of a flock of no less than seven (7) sheep kept within the Experimental Farm. SCP-1874 is to wear a sheep jacket at all times in order to facilitate distinguishing it from the rest of the flock; the sheep jacket is to be replaced immediately whenever necessary. Due to the highly social nature of the species, SCP-1874 will suffer the physiological effects of extreme stress if isolated from other sheep for more than 1 day; in the event that any of the other sheep are killed, they are to be replaced within that time frame. All interactions with SCP-1874 and its flock, including veterinary care, must be done with full protective gear (gloves, long sleeves, goggles, boots). SCP-1874 and its flock are all to have standard access to water and foraging-suitable vegetation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1875 must never come within transmission range of any wireless data network. The machine's container must be enclosed by a Faraday cage, and it must have a fully mechanical locking mechanism.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1876 is stored in a standard secure locker in the Safe-class containment wing of Site ██. Experimentation with SCP-1876 may only be performed with prior permission from at least one (1) Level 3 Senior Researcher and must be moved to approved testing areas by fully automated robotic rovers or other automated transport systems. Until further notice, only Class D personnel may handle SCP-1876 directly.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the impossibility of transport, each instance of SCP-1877 is contained in situ at the subject's origin point. When practicable, the Foundation shall secure ownership of the origin point, soundproof the subject's living quarters, and install inward-facing locks on any interior doorways adjacent to the subject. Foundation medical staff are to review subjects' condition on a 48-hour cycle, measuring any visible extracorporeal intestine. Any intestinal retraction of over 10mm in a single 48-hour period is to be immediately reported to Research Director ████.
Special Containment Procedures: Each manifestation of SCP-1878 should be neutralised by the timely execution of procedure B-04 "Milkround" by assigned operatives. In general an instance of SCP-1878 will appear daily. Procedure B-04 is performed as follows.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of the anomaly, SCP-1879 cannot be contained by the Foundation at this time. Foundation agents are to monitor police reports within the state of Washington for signs of possible SCP-1879 infection. When an instance of SCP-1879-1 is found, MTF Rho-4 (aka "Shoos Salesmen") are to be dispatched to the location to deal with SCP-1879-1 at the minimum possible cost to those involved. All items obtained from these interactions are to be incinerated, if feasible, and dismantled if not. Civilians that come in contact with SCP-1879-2 are to be administered Class-A amnestics after Foundation questioning.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1880 is to be kept in a standard containment unit at the High Value storage area of Site-17. Authorization from project Kesher supervisor Dr. Shaw is required before any interaction with the object.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1881 is to be kept unplugged in a regular store room. Direct testing of the item is restricted to D-Classes, which are to be interviewed weekly regarding potential aftereffects.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1882 is to be kept in a room that is shielded against electromagnetic signals. Attempts to open SCP-1882's casing must be made off-site, in locations untraceable to Foundation resources. A researcher must be available daily to determine the identity of SCP-1882-A and record it.
Special Containment Procedures: 17 copies of SCP-1883 are kept on mobile phones of various brands in storage at Wing D of Site 76. The phones are to be kept off when not in use, and only allowed to access the phone network through Site 76's secure data connection. When testing SCP-1883 tasks, ensure that targets of tasks are D-Classes or subjects abiding by the Ludd Antitechnic Directive (annexed).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1884-A is to reside in a low-security residential chamber at Bio Site-59. Due to SCP-1884-A's physical disabilities, a Level-1 caretaker is to assist with SCP-1884-A's daily activities, such as feeding and dressing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1885 is contained in a lead-lined concrete sleeve conforming to standards used to dispose of spent nuclear fuel rods. This sleeve is further contained in a blast safe graded as sufficient to withstand a 1 ton explosion. Every 3 months, SCP-1885 is to be removed from its sleeve in order to take samples and determine the current composition and fissile state of its core. All sampling and testing of SCP-1885 is to be performed via robot.
Special Containment Procedures: A total of 156 instances of SCP-1886 are contained in Storage Site-68. Subjects affected by SCP-1886 are to be contained in one of the Foundation's medical research facilities. Following study and evaluation, they may be moved to regular mental institutions if this is deemed appropriate. Investigations to locate the source of SCP-1886 is ongoing. Consumer warnings have been issued under the pretense of unsafe materials. Local Foundation agents have been informed of the situation and new instances of SCP-1886 are to be reported and investigated immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: No system of destroying SCP-1887 or SCP-1887-1 has been discovered. Containment is currently focused on the halting of SCP-1887 growth. SCP-1887 is kept at Area-17 in a naturally formed stone bowl within Containment Locker 1887. Containment Locker 1887 has been lined with sod in order to prevent growth should SCP-1887 escape its bowl.
Special Containment Procedures: A copy of each recovered textbook containing an instance of SCP-1889 is to be contained at Site 20, inside a single locked steel cabinet within a camera monitored vault. The vault is to be considered off limits to anyone known to have a high school level education, except in cases of emergency or approved testing.
Special Containment Procedures: Item should be kept in an airtight container to prevent damage by exposure or pests; researchers and subjects handling the object are required to wear protective gloves. Research staff are permitted to examine copies of the photographs contained in SCP-1890, as the former have proven non-anomalous.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1891 is currently contained in an isolated location located next to Gallery 27. SCP-1891 is to be contained in a 50cm x 50cm wall-mounted case. All personnel of Level 2 or above clearance are free to view SCP-1891 at their leisure.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1894 is to be held in a secured garage, located within Site-77. It is to be kept in an unpowered state, with no battery. The tires have been removed, and placed in a non-anomalous storage facility located on-site. The fuel tank is to be continuously drained, and any reports of unusual weight loss reported to the supervising Level 3 administrator. Once per month, it is to be inspected for any signs of regrowth, and if any components have begun to appear, they are to be stripped.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1895 is contained within a standard safe-class containment cell equipped with one 120V AC power outlet to facilitate testing. SCP-1895 should be unplugged and unpowered when not undergoing testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1896 should be stored with the rope-portion coiled and fastened with a sturdy cable tie; a sealed plastic cover is sufficient protection for the tire-portion. The item is currently stored with the other Bonifay family artifacts at Research Sector-09 (see Addenda).
Special Containment Procedures: Personnel stationed in the rural southwestern portions of the United States are to annually investigate any areas that meet the required criteria. If any manifestations of SCP-1897 appear, the area must be blocked off under the pretense of road work until the manifestation has been neutralized. Lethal force is authorized for use upon SCP-1897 to drive the creatures away. Survivors and witnesses are to be detained and interrogated, then given Class-B amnestics upon release. Instances of SCP-1897-1 are to be incapacitated from concealed positions before any attack is mounted on SCP-1897. Recovered instances of SCP-1897-1 are to be given Class-A amnestics before they are relocated to Site-06, until a means of rehabilitating them is discovered.
Special Containment Procedures: While in storage all instances of SCP-1898 are to be kept deconstructed and kept in their respective boxes. All instances of SCP-1898 are to be stored in Containment Room-1898 located on Site-██. Testing on any set/s of SCP-1898-A and SCP-1898-B requires permission from two Level 3 Personnel. Testing on a set of SCP-1898-C requires permission from two Level 3 Personnel and one Level 4 Personnel. MTF PI-31 (aka. 'Mobius Strips') are to be contacted if an instance of SCP-1898 is discovered.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1899 is contained on-site at Containment Site 1899-Alpha, which has been built around it. A ballistic barrier is to be kept in the suggested path of SCP-1899 in the case that it ever becomes un-suspended, and precision laser rangefinders measuring the exact position of SCP-1899 are to be maintained. Any deviation in its position will generate an alarm, and such an event is to be reported immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: A culture of SCP-1900 and an infected hard drive are to be preserved for research purposes at G2 Site 15 according to Class 4 Biohazard procedures. No electronic devices capable of connecting to the internet are to be allowed into G2 Site 15. Personnel at any site exposed to SCP-1900 or reporting lesions, blisters, headaches, or seizures are to be examined and, if found to be infected, quarantined indefinitely, and all internet-capable devices they own destroyed.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1901-1 are to be held within a containment vault, located within Site-77. All instances of SCP-1901 are to be covered with black cloth, which is to be removed only for testing purposes. Any personnel believing they may be affected by SCP-1901 are to report to their supervising researcher immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1902 is kept in its original location in Site 23's basement level. A fire-resistant concrete containment chamber 3m x 3m in interior size and 1 meter in thickness has been constructed to contain SCP-1902 on-site. The chamber has been constructed to allow for two-way audio and visual communication with SCP-1902. Should containment of SCP-1902 at an alternative location be required, full blueprints and materials lists are available at request from Dr. Hall.
Special Containment Procedures: Information regarding SCP-1903 is infohazardous and must be contained as such. Detailed information is restricted to personnel with Level 2-1903, 3-1903, or 4-1903 status. SCP-1903 personnel are to remain on the premises of Site-45-B or Site-45-C unless either under an emergency or during the week of October 31st1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1904 is currently dismantled and housed in Storage Unit-07. No further procedures are necessary to contain SCP-1904. SCP-1904 is to be monitored at its original location, currently disguised as a government warehouse. All outer surfaces and surroundings are to be cleaned and disinfected on a weekly basis and immediately following reproductive activity. Nine (9) research samples of SCP-1904-1 are currently maintained in individual cells at site-17. Additional instances of SCP-1904-1 are to be collected and terminated unless requested by Dr. ██████ for further examination. Under no circumstances are personnel to enter the object [see incident report 1904-A]
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1905 is locked within a secure storage locker in the Site 83 anomalous weapon storage wing. Access to SCP-1905 is restricted according to standard anomalous firearm handling procedures. SCP-1905 is to be thoroughly cleaned before and after testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1906 breaches containment whenever the current instance of SCP-1906-1 dies, and must be re-discovered; after its rediscovery, SCP-1906 is to be considered unsecured as long as the new instance of SCP-1906-1 has not been taken into custody. Only D-class personnel are to enter SCP-1906 until such time as the physical health of the new instance of SCP-1906-1 has been confirmed by Foundation veterinarians. Any civilians present within SCP-1906 at the time of its rediscovery are to be immediately evacuated with a situationally appropriate cover story.
Special Containment Procedures: The path leading to and the chamber housing SCP-1907 is to be secured by five (5) armed personnel. At this time, no subjects other than Class-D personnel are to activate SCP-1907's effects without explicit permission from two (2) Level-3 researchers that have been directly assigned to SCP-1907.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1908 is to be held within a standard humanoid containment chamber, with the other Misters in Hall ██ of Site-██. The walls in this chamber are to be constructed of non-porous material, with a dental vacuum affixed to SCP-1908's mouth, to prevent SCP-1908 from suffocating due to its effect. Personnel entering the chamber containing SCP-1908 are to wear cleated boots while they remain in the chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: The land containing SCP-1909 is under control of the Foundation and is sealed off to the public as a private estate for at least a kilometer in all directions. A smaller 30 meter containment zone is established around SCP-1909, and protected by guards and fencing. Finally, the entrance to SCP-1909 is sealed except during testing. At present, no testing involving activation of SCP-1909 and the production of instances of SCP-1909-A is permitted.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1910 is to be contained in an airtight safe at Bio Site-1910. Level A Hazardous Materials suits are to be worn for protection during sample collection, as the object's anomalous properties only activate in contact with living animal tissue. SCP-1910 is not to come into contact with any plant or plant-like SCP item. It must remain empty and unlit at all times to prevent activation, except for purposes of controlled testing.
Special Containment Procedures: Newly discovered instances of SCP-1911 are to be immediately reported to the supervising director. If at all possible, recording equipment should be set up in the domicile currently occupied by SCP-1911, and the following supplies are to be made available to SCP-1911:
Special Containment Procedures: The current colony of SCP-1912-1 is to be contained in Biodome-C-7 at Bio-Site 66. A researcher who is familiar with beekeeping using the Langstroth hive method must always be present at Bio-Site 66 and must personally conduct weekly maintenance checks of SCP-1912-1, as well as oversee the bi-weekly harvesting of SCP-1912-B.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1914 is to be housed in a modified humanoid containment cell equipped with ventilation appropriate for preventing exhaust buildup. Every 10-12 hours, SCP-1914's engine must be activated for at least two hours in order to allow its battery to recharge fully; while active, it is to be fed approximately 250 grams of nutrient-supplemented baby food and one half-liter of purified water to maintain its organic components, and may at its request be provided reading glasses and books or music published prior to 1916 for recreational purposes. SCP-1914 is to be provided with a cane for ease of movement within its cell, and is to be transported by wheelchair or stretcher and accompanied by a medical professional at all times if removed from its cell for testing or examination while active.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1915 is to be kept in its self-modified humanoid containment unit. Furniture and sustenance are unnecessary, as SCP-1915 provides them itself. One guard is to escort SCP-1915 during its daily walk around the designated yard. No expensive or sensitive equipment is to be brought into SCP-1915's vicinity.
Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-1916 are to be stored in a sealed crate in the secure warehouse at Site 85. Prominent signage is to be placed on and inside the crate indicating that SCP-1916 is non-edible. Mobile Task Force Xi-1964 (Slugworth's Sizzlers) are to monitor distributors and vendors of confections and confiscate any instances of SCP-1916 found in circulation.
Special Containment Procedures: Entrances to SCP-1918-2 have been secured and monitored with constant video surveillance as of 03/05/██. The sewage facility containing 3 entrances has been quarantined by Foundation personnel and the entrances themselves have been sealed. Workers previously employed at the facility have been issued amnestics and replaced with Foundation personnel. All other entrances have been permanently sealed with cement.
Special Containment Procedures: A zone with radius of two (2) kilometers must be maintained surrounding SCP-1919; any roads or paths leading to the building are to be diverted or obstructed. The perimeter of this zone is to be guarded by a set of no fewer than twenty-five (25) forty (40) heavily armed and armored patrolmen. Those entering SCP-1919 shall not be given body armor or weaponry. Any presence within the perimeter that is not confirmed to be a member of an expedition team is to be terminated immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1920 are to be kept in a Safe-Class Kou-Electrical chamber, for the purposes of sufficiently providing power to SCP-1920. A constant source of wind is to be provided for each instance, using a standard electrical fan. Any vocalizations emitted by any instance of SCP-1920 are to be logged for review. One D-Class personnel is to be used during testing of SCP-1920. All testing must be approved by no fewer than two Level 4 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1921 is to be kept in a secured storage vault in Wing-6D of Storage Site-49. Copies of SCP-1921-B2 should remain locked in a climate-controlled storage locker in Wing-4B of the same facility. SCP-1921-B2 is not to be allowed in the vicinity of SCP-1921 without written permission from the present head researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the distance and gravitational forces separating SCP-1923 and Earth, containment is currently considered de facto. In addition to the stationary camera on ███ ████████, camera probes are to be launched from Luna-█ to observe SCP-1923 on a regular basis. All photographs of SCP-1923-Alpha by outside sources are to be doctored before public release. All signals or transmissions originating from SCP-1923-Alpha are to be recorded and analyzed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1924 is to be kept in a specialized 10m x 10m x 4m humanoid containment cell at Site ██, AZ. The cell is to be suspended in the center of a 50m x 50m x 50m enclosure. SCP-1924 requires no food, water, nourishment, or rest. The cell is to be furnished as a facsimile of a typical corporate office. Maintenance personnel are to wear clothing and badges consistent with Lockheed Martin Corporation custodial staff. At least one person is to be on hand at all times acting as SCP-1924's corporate manager. SCP-1924 is to be given a standard computer workstation and tasked with a pre-written regimen of phony administrative work. Tasking must be collected, and new tasks reassigned, every two hours. Tasking may be reused after 48 hours.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents embedded in the New York Police Department and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey shall monitor both organizations for any reports of discoveries of human cadavers along the Hudson River at the NY–NJ border. Upon confirmation of an SCP-1925-A instance, Class B amnestics are to be administered to all direct witnesses and Class C amnestics to all indirect witnesses. Instances of SCP-1925-A are to be stored at the Humanoid Research Wing of Site 40 for thirty days, after which they are to be cremated. Instances of SCP-1925-B are to be transcribed to the database of the same site. As of █/██/20██, SCP-1925 is considered neutralized.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1926 are to be contained in a well-lit white-washed containment chamber measuring 10m x 10m x 3m. This allows 4m² for each family. The chamber is to be supplied with 65 sets of colorful plastic blocks.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1927 is to be contained in a holding cell measuring no less than 10 m x 15 m x 5 m, composed of stainless steel plated with a copper/platinum alloy, with a ten (10) cm thick sheet of glass covering the floor of the cell and surrounded by a layer of insulating material. In the event that SCP-1927 is not visible on the floor of its containment chamber, repeated shocks of 5 kV should be applied to the chamber until SCP-1927 dislodges itself from the walls or ceiling onto the floor. At five (5) day intervals, the organism should be fed one (1) live mammal with minimum of weight one hundred (100) kg. If the organism's total intake is expected to exceed one thousand (1000) kg in a single 30-day period, precautions should be taken to handle a reproductive event (see Addendum 1927-1).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1928 should be kept in a padded, airtight case to prevent damage or accidental activation of anomalous properties.
Special Containment Procedures: All non-human instances of SCP-1929-1 should be held in storage containment units, located in Site-56, Site-66, and Site-76, which are all located in the Midwestern United States. Containment teams made up of three or more agents should be sent into the field whenever a possible report of an SCP-1929 instance is received. Research has determined that instances of SCP-1929 most commonly appear in the area identified as the "Dust Bowl", and as such agents have been dispatched there to form permanent research and containment stations. Anomalous specimens encountered in the field should be brought to one of these stations.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1930 is stored in a standard Safe-class secure item locker at Site 19. Experimentation with SCP-1930 may only be performed with Class D personnel, and a digital audio recorder is to be kept on in SCP-1930's locker and checked every 24 hours for any anomalous audio, which should be forwarded to research staff for analysis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1931 is to be kept in a climate-controlled containment vault at Storage Site-41 to protect it from deterioration. In order to prevent the spread of blood-borne disease among personnel, only D-Class personnel may be used in conjunction with SCP-1931's anomalous effects when human testing is necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1932 is temporarily contained on-site until a more permanent method of containment is found. As components of SCP-1932 do not exhibit anomalous effects when removed, even if reattached, relocation of SCP-1932 is not considered feasible at this time. Temporary containment measures consist of standard, 3 metre high, construction area fencing around the perimeter of SCP-1932. The area should be patrolled by no fewer than 3 guards at any one time, under the cover of construction workers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1933 is to be kept in a standard low-security cell equipped with basic furnishings. It is to be provided with 2 liters of Irish whiskey, 500 milliliters of double cream (no less than 48% fat content), 25 grams of powdered sugar, and 20 milliliters of refined vegetable oil, on a daily basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1935 has shown no sign of activity within the last 36 months, and has been classified Neutralized. Researchers wishing to study SCP-1935 may do so with permission from Regional Command 24-A.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1936 is to be contained behind a two meter electrical fence, which is to be patrolled by security elements. The area contained is roughly circular, 1km in diameter. Security cameras are to be installed to cover areas not currently being patrolled. Expeditions into SCP-1936 are to be escorted by an armed element as specified by Area-37's Security Director. Personnel are not to enter spatially anomalous locations without specific authorization, with the conditions of such authorization dependent on recent anomalous activity within SCP-1936.
Special Containment Procedures: The perimeter around SCP-1937 is to be secured by no less than three (3) Foundation security personnel. Any civilians approaching SCP-1937 are to be redirected and escorted elsewhere. Any civilians displaying prior knowledge of SCP-1937 and its effects are to be detained, interrogated, and administered Class-B amnestics before release.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1938 should be held in a standard Safe object containment cell. The cell is to be sealed in such a way as to prevent water from being introduced into the cell. No aquatic life apart from SCP-1938-1 should be placed into SCP-1938.
Special Containment Procedures: Should an instance of SCP-1940 be found outside of containment, all products for sale at that time are to be purchased with Foundation funds. Funds expended in this manner can later be reclaimed using form CrayEx-D/1940-B. Products bought are to be destroyed immediately, and are not to be left on Foundation premises.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its location, SCP-1941 is uncontainable for the time being. Of highest priority is the development of advanced lunar reconnaissance orbiters to continue to track its progress, as well as a lunar retrieval mission in order to procure a sample for study. For the moment, the phenomenon is not visible from the Earth, making a cover story unnecessary.1
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1942 and SCP-1942-1 are to be contained in situ until such time as a permanent means of containment is developed. The Foundation has acquired all public and private property within a 5 km radius of SCP-1942's primary nest and has razed all buildings, roads, and man-made structures within the area. A 1 km perimeter around the primary nest is to be treated with high potency insecticide, to be renewed as necessary. Any SCP-1942 samples found outside the insecticide-treated area are to be destroyed. Personnel entering the containment area are to keep any necessary equipment on their persons at all times and any persons or objects exiting the containment area are to be fully inspected for presence of stowaways.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1943-1 is contained in a standard humanoid containment cell in the high-security wing of Humanoid Containment Site-06-3. As a former member of Foundation research staff, SCP-1943-1 is highly cooperative and thus allowed access to non-sensitive materials. All reasonable requests for personal items may be granted; however, SCP-1943-1 is not allowed to have outside contact and its security clearances have been indefinitely revoked.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1944 is to be disguised as a condemned building and kept under covert guard by two (2) undercover agents at all times. Any entry to SCP-1944 by researchers must be done via an underground entrance. Any civilians who have encountered SCP-1944 are to be taken into custody and dosed with a Class-A amnestic.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1945 is to be monitored from Site-46, located approximately 150 meters from the edge of the anomalous zone. All electronic devices required on site are to be stored within the Site-46 facility, and under no circumstances taken into the SCP-1945 anomalous zone.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1946 is contained at Site-116 in its AVB (Anomalous Vehicle Bay), on lot #1542/A. No personnel are to enter SCP-1946 unless testing procedures are underway, and only D-Class personnel are to be allowed access to SCP-1946 during these procedures. As repeated attempts have shown, SCP-1946's main anomalous effect manifests too rapidly for affected subjects to be retrieved, and leaves subjects in a state of physiological stasis. Therefore, any personnel used in testing of SCP-1946 is to be considered permanently attached to this project. As the available space inside SCP-1946 is both non-anomalous and finite, requests for testing are to be screened for feasibility. Exploration of SCP-1946, if needed, is to be performed using robotic reconnaissance equipment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1947 is to be contained in a room shielded with a minimum of two (2) cm of lead. SCP-1947 is currently held in room 214-B at Site-16. SCP-1947 is not to be removed from room 214-B without the consent of an O5-level director.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1948 is to be kept in a standard sized avian cage, kept in the minimum security animal containment facility. It does not require any special treatment or security beyond that of non-anomalous members of its species. The cage must be checked for signs of weather related damage periodically due to the nature of the specimen. The specimen is allowed one (1) hour outside its cage every day under the supervision of resident ornithologist Dr. Erin and meteorologist Dr. Anderson, in order to keep its well being. It is to be released only within the confines of Dr. Erin's designated indoor research area.
Special Containment Procedures: Jonathan Harris is to be kept in a 10m x 10m x 10m chamber at Site-122's Humaniform Containment Center. The containment structure is divided into three floors, each three meters in height. Jonathan Harris is not to be referred to by his SCP Foundation casefile number at any time. Jonathan Harris may be referred to as Jon, Jonathan, Mister Harris, Harris, Jon Harris, Jonathan Harris, or Jack. Jonathan Harris is not to be referred to at any time as Jonny or Jonny Harris.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-1950’s effect, a warehouse has been constructed with a further twenty meter (20) allowance for any unforeseen addition to its effect. Security cameras and motion detectors are set up around the facility to alert of anyone approaching the warehouse. Two armed security personnel are to be on duty at all times. No one is allowed to interact with SCP-1950, and any personnel or intruders that do so are considered part of the SCP, their position is to be noted, and the effect diameter adjusted accordingly.
Special Containment Procedures: The Bezuhov Nuclear Power Facility and the five mile perimeter surrounding it is fenced and monitored by security cameras. Radiation sensors wired to alarms provide an early warning system in case of an unlikely containment breach. Guard posts located on the perimeter are manned by personnel armed with Gv20 EMP Emitters to subdue SCP-1951 should the need arise.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1952 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-17, with one guard on duty at all times. In addition to the standard daily rations, SCP-1952 is to be fed 300g of electronic components every five days. No attempts to remove SCP-1952's helmet are to be made. Should SCP-1952 become aggressive, it is to be sedated immediately by tranquilizer darts, which must be carried at all times by personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-1953 may be kept in a standard containment locker at Site 20. Individuals infected with SCP-1953-1 are to be housed in a secure containment cell at Bio-Research Area-17.
Special Containment Procedures: While not being actively tested, SCP-1954 is to be contained in a locked storage container located in Reliquary Research and Containment Site-76. Area is to be monitored at all times by an armed guard with level 3 security clearance or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: At the time of this writing, twelve copies of SCP-1955 (consisting of three original 35mm film reels, five home VHS tapes, and four pirated DVDs) have been secured by Foundation forces. Agents shall monitor Internet filesharing sites in the event that another copy is leaked onto the Internet; Mobile Task Force 36-Epsilon Beta ("MPAA Martyrs") will track the IP addresses of any uploaders of SCP-1955 and administer amnestics as deemed appropriate. As SCP-1955 is out of copyright, Foundation forces embedded into public domain preservation groups shall ensure that SCP-1955 is not discovered and archived for public viewing.
Special Containment Procedures: Each instance of SCP-1956 is to be contained in an individual standard humanoid containment chamber. Each instance of SCP-1956 is to be fed standard rations daily. Personnel tasked with interviewing SCP-1956 must read sheet SCP-1956-A-Lagomian, which contains SCP-1956's partially translated language. Small items, such as culinary mushrooms and cheese, may be given if good behaviour is maintained.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-1957 are held in vacuum sealed containment lockers, located in Site-77. All containment lockers used in SCP-1957's containment must be waterproofed, and checked daily for the presence of moisture. Personnel assigned to study SCP-1957 are to be screened for the presence SCP-1957 flakes upon exiting the containment area.
Special Containment Procedures: As of ██/██/20██, SCP-1958 has been placed in a stable orbit of Earth's sun at a distance of 1.██ AU, and is not currently visible from Earth by the naked eye. The Foundation is to monitor professional and amateur astronomical publications for any indication that SCP-1958 has been sighted and is to suppress any publication of information regarding its composition or trajectory.
Special Containment Procedures: As of this writing, SCP-1959 is yet to be contained. All observatories within 50° North and 73.2° South of the equator are to be placed within the Foundation's watch list and amnestic is to be administered to every witness. Should it be captured, a specialized containment unit has been set aside at Site-██.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the distance between SCP-1960 and the Earth, and the nature of its behavior, direct monitoring or containment of SCP-1960 is not possible at this time. The Foundation is to liaise with all national space research agencies or academic institutions capable of producing high-resolution photographs of Neptune, and digitally edit SCP-1960 messages out of any and all photographs displaying them before dissemination to the civilian population. Use of Class-B amnestics on civilian researchers is authorized to prevent information leaks.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1961 is stored in Research Bay 12 at Site-22, under standard keycard-level security. SCP-1961 is only to be used for experiments on D-Class Personnel, with the approval of Level 3 or higher research staff. Conversion of other Foundation staff is suspended by O5 order, as are requests for SCP-1961 usage by any non-Foundation organization, regardless of clearance level.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1962 is to be kept in a plastic storage container in Reliquary Site-62. Testing of SCP-1962 requires permission from Dr. Stephenson or Researcher Short. Gloves must be worn at all times during testing. In the event that contact is made with SCP-1962 outside of testing, its connection with the subject must be severed immediately if possible. If this is not successful, the subject is to be placed under general anesthesia before removal of SCP-1962.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1963 is to be stored in a triple-locked safe in the director's office in a triple voice-activated safe in Site 38, to be opened only upon voice authorization from the director of Site 38 and two Level 4 researchers brought on Site for testing purposes. Testing of SCP-1963 requires direct approval from Level 5 research staff and all usage must follow such guidelines as are written for experimental purposes. Testing is to be carried out by D-Class personnel only. Any deviation from approved testing guidelines is to be met with immediate termination of all involved personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1964 is to be contained in a standard containment chamber and access restricted to personnel with clearance from Site Director ██████. Containment chamber access code is to be changed on a bi-monthly basis. SCP-1964 is not to be plugged in outside of testing.
Special Containment Procedures: High-energy Foundation-owned radio transmitters are to broadcast white noise at all times on SCP-1965's frequency throughout the geographical regions in which it can be received. The Foundation shall liaise with national governments to prevent SCP-1965's frequency from being assigned for civilian use. Any civilian broadcasts made on SCP-1965's frequency are to be triangulated and suppressed in order to prevent accidental civilian communication with SCP-1965.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1966 is to be kept in a dedicated bunker 2km below ground. The bunker is to have 10m thick reinforced concrete walls with an additional 1m of radiation shielding. Location is to be at least 100km away from any major population centers or other Foundation facilities. Current location is at Site-██. Interaction with SCP-1966 is to be done remotely from a monitoring station on the surface. The monitoring station will be permanently manned by at least 5 staff of level 2 clearance or higher, and the on-site director shall be a credentialed psychologist with a level 4 clearance. No interaction with SCP-1966 shall occur without approval of the on-site director. In addition, any interaction with SCP-1966 must conform to protocol Psi-1966-A. (see addendum)
Special Containment Procedures: Any entrance to SCP-1967 is to be constructed over, and security personnel posing as homeowners are to be assigned to guard it. Residential homes connected to SCP-1967 are to be purchased through the Foundation realty front "Suburban Community Purchases" and be guarded in the same manner. Only personnel from MTF-ψ-7 "Home Improvement" are permitted to enter SCP-1967.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1968 is to be secured in a bunker 300m underground accessible only by a single elevator requiring positive action at both the top and bottom of the shaft to operate. Armed guards are to be present at both ends. In case of incursion from within or without, the elevator shaft is to have an explosive self-destruct activated rendering it impassable. In the event of an incursion, guards must be considered expendable.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the inherently immobile nature of SCP-1969, it is located at the recovery site (now named Site 1969). The primary containment unit is a hollow steel ball (1 cm in thickness), containing multiple low-powered electric pistons. These pistons are controlled by a computer located 1.2 meters away on the floor of the secondary containment unit, allowing them to fluctuate in a controlled manner in order to keep SCP-1969 perpetually in the Lambda state. The steel ball has a diameter of 56 cm and is attached to the roof of the secondary containment unit.
Special Containment Procedures: Item is located at Storage Site 23, room 3. Although SCP-1970 requires minimal security, it must be isolated from other anomalous objects. Item is to be under constant audio supervision for the purpose of recording its vocalizations, and the item should be visually inspected at least two times daily. Objects classified as SCP-1970-1, 1970-2 and 1970-3 are to be kept in sealed plastic bags in separately locked containers within room 3.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1971 is held in the Reliquary Research and Containment Site-76, Building C, room 23, and container 5. A retinal scanner will verify level 2 clearance before room entry is permitted. The three objects that comprise SCP-1971 are believed to be safe for human interaction. Non-destructive testing of these objects is permitted. No more than one object in SCP-1971 may be removed from the building at one time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1972-A is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell and provided a vegetarian diet, with a total of 2 kg of meat allowed per month as a reward for cooperation. As a precaution against mental, auditory, or visual compulsion effects, SCP-1972-A is to be equipped with a vocal modulator, and contact is to be limited to female personnel. The proposal of sterilization surgery to remove primary, secondary and tertiary ovaries is currently under review.
Special Containment Procedures: The area for 100m around SCP-1973 has been fenced off, low-voltage electric fencing has been employed to deter members of the public. Inspection of the fence is to be carried out every fortnight. The crew of SCP-1973-1 are to be kept in suitable onsite housing units and provided the equivalent of Level 1 Clearance. In the interests of site security, they are not permitted past the perimeter fences. SCP-1973-1 itself is to be housed in a sealed section of the facility garages. One guard is required to be on watch at any one time as a contingency.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1974 is to be contained in a standard low value item storage vault at Site-242. Any D class personnel or researchers may perform interviews or testing with SCP-1974 with permission from any researcher or senior researcher working on SCP-1974.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1975 is to be kept at Site-25 within a standard containment locker. During testing, instances of SCP-1975-1 are to be operated by D-Class personnel, as the repeated construction and destruction of remotely operated vehicles has been deemed an unnecessary drain on the Foundation's resources. No personnel considered valuable to the Foundation are permitted to enter instances of SCP-1975-1 under any circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1976 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber, located within Site-77's Safe SCP wing. Personnel entering SCP-1976's containment chamber are to wear tinted goggles to prevent accidental viewing of SCP-1976. All images and videos depicting SCP-1976 have been destroyed, and the creation of new images is to be considered a minor containment breach.
Special Containment Procedures: When SCP-1977 is not being tested or communicated with, instances of SCP-1977-A are to be stored separately in polystyrene-lined, sequentially numbered plastic containers in standard bulk item storage. Instances of SCP-1977-A are fragile and should be handled with care. SCP-1977-B is to be kept in a weighted, opaque box and stored alongside the instances of SCP-1977-A. Communication with SCP-1977 is to be conducted with the instances of SCP-1977-A in a darkened room to allow for optimum picture contrast and SCP-1977-B in a separate room exposed to a whiteboard. Testing personnel must be fluent in English and Portuguese. SCP-1977 has been taught a code language that eases communication efforts; as such, communication is to be conducted following the designated code book. Testing and communication are to be filmed for archival purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1978 is to be contained at Site 17 in a locked room 4 m x 1 m x 1 m. At no time is a system of running water to be connected to the object without prior O5 approval. Any and all testing using SCP-1978 involving live subjects must receive O5 approval, must be extensively documented, and must be backed up to off-site locations before and after testing. All computer records of testing using the object must be stored off-site at least 1750 km from Site 17, and any systems containing such records must be protected against known reality altering events, to the extent the Foundation is able. At no time are personnel or other human subjects without officially documented records of violence allowed to enter the cubicle containing the object and testing apparatus. No approved human test subjects are to be permitted to use the functions of SCP-1978 more than two consecutive times without first being allowed to commit a violent act. A periodic administrative audit of the backup site will be performed by personnel attached to O5 on a monthly basis to ensure satisfactory execution of data handling.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1979 is held at Site ███ near ██████████ Bay, Alaska. No other temporally manipulative objects are allowed within 100 kilometers of this site, per order of the Temporal Anomalies Department. It is to remain powered at all times, with triple redundancy power supplies. It must be used for a minimum of 55 minutes out of every hour in a darkened, lead-lined room. A mechanic skilled in rapidly repairing models similar to SCP-1979 must be on staff and readily available at all times, in case emergency repairs are needed.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-1980 is immovable, Research and Containment Site-79 has been built surrounding it, under cover of building a neutrino observation telescope. Standard Foundation access restrictions apply.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1981 is to be kept inside a secure video storage unit at the media archive of Site ██. When in use, SCP-1981 should not be removed from its casing or exposed to any strong magnetic sources. A Betamax home video system and an analog television has been provided in Observation Theatre 02 at Site ██, as well as video equipment to record viewings.
Special Containment Procedures: The area 2 km around SCP-1982 is to be monitored with video surveillance, and no less than two guards. On 08/23 the area is to be scouted for individuals heading toward SCP-1982's location. Instances of SCP-1982-1 are stopped and turned away from SCP-1982 according to disinformation protocol "First Fumigated".
Special Containment Procedures: Outpost 54 has been built on the land surrounding SCP-1983 and disguised as a chemical plant. The "plant" building serves as barracks for MTF Chi-13 ("Choir Boys"). All entry points into Outpost 54 are to be guarded at all times. Personnel will review Document 1983-12, which details the cover story to be given to any civilians expressing curiosity.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1984 is to be secured at Armed Containment Complex-04, ███ km SSE of Verkhoyansk, Sakha Republic, Russian Federation. MTF Omega-59 (Nechayeva's Wolves) and MTF Sigma-18 (Chess Masters) are to be permanently stationed at Complex-04.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1985 is contained at Sub-Site-███, and is to be kept in good condition and health. Ongoing research on SCP-1985-A is mandatory.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-1986 is immovable and located in a heavily travelled public building, security must be maintained covertly in order to prevent the general public from becoming aware of its existence. Guards posing as library staff are to be employed. Only non-lethal measures have been approved.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1987 is to remain contained in situ within the area claimed as its territory, designated Site 732. SCP-1987 is currently a willing partner in its containment, in accordance with the treaty between SCP-1987 and Hans Majestets Norsk Forening for Spesiell Oppdemming Prosedyrer (His Majesty's Norwegian Association for Special Containment Procedures) established during the Valthing of ██/██/18██, as ratified by the Foundation on ██/██/19██ and most recently amended on ██/██/20██. Any proposed non-emergency alterations to the following containment procedures are to be submitted to SCP-1987 during the next session of the Valthing for discussion and approval. In the event that SCP-1987 terminates its cooperation, fails to uphold its treaty obligations, or negotiations become untenable, unilateral alteration of containment procedures is authorized subject to O5 approval.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-1988 is spread by residence relocation, agents embedded in real estate firms in Chicago, IL; Dover, DE; and Portland, ME are to artificially alter the market such that it becomes an unfavorable decision to relocate out of the city. A budget is to be allocated for the purpose of advertising a telephone hotline in these cities for civilians to report faulty hardware, appliances, and installations in their houses. In addition, satellites are to monitor these cities for abnormal increases in carbon dioxide emissions.
Special Containment Procedures: Outside scheduled experimentation times, SCP-1989 is kept in Storage Containment Unit A-29 at Sector-19. Experimentation may only be performed with prior permission from a member of Level 3 personnel, and the tray must be emptied of all testing materials before returning to storage. Testing of materials altered by SCP-1989 with other SCP objects is to be approved on a case by case basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1990 requires no specific containment procedures at this time, and is to be kept in a standard storage locker in Research Area-20.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1991 is to be stored in a 5x5x5 meter containment chamber within Site 19's biological specimens wing. Due to the specimen's behavior, a locked door is considered to be all that is required to prevent escape. SCP-1991 is to be fed three kilograms (3 kg) of cooked and pulped beef daily. Water is to be provided via a trough which is to be kept refilled constantly. Containment cell is to be cleaned weekly by Class-D personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1992 is to be contained in a standard security vault, located in Site-77's Euclid SCP wing. Posted guards are notified that any subjects who are able to breach containment and enter SCP-1992 should not be pursued inside. If the subject does not exit SCP-1992 of their own volition after thirty minutes, one security drone is to enter SCP-1992 to remove and detain the subject as quickly as possible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1993 is to be kept in a safe with voice-activated locks in a standard containment chamber, 5m x 5m x 3m in size. The containment chamber is to have no means of visual output to any other location by either direct or electronic means, though the chamber should have two-way audio transmission capability with an adjoining testing area. Additionally, the containment chamber is to be stocked with a single surgical table and sterilized surgical equipment before testing. During testing, a single D-class personnel is to enter containment and close all doors, at which point an authorized researcher is to voice-unlock the safe from a remote location. Under no circumstances are unauthorized D-class or any non-D-class personnel to access SCP-1993 directly; transportation of SCP-1993 should take place only with the object inside of its safe. No visual record of SCP-1993 is to be created at any time, and any such records located are to be destroyed as soon as possible.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-1995, the location where it was discovered has been converted to Armed Research Site-1995 located at coordinates ██º ██' █.██"N ██º ██' ██.██"E. The entrance of the mine is at approximately 1000m above sea level, while the object itself is around 800m above sea level. The location of ARS-1995 is restricted on a need-to-know basis. The object is currently housed in a chamber measuring approximately 10m x 10m x 15m consisting of natural granitic formation reinforced with hardened concrete around the majority of the chamber, with a 4m x 2m airlock on the easternmost side. The airlock leads to a 2.5m hallway which is to be kept at a near-vacuum unless personnel and/or equipment are being transported to the main chamber. Personnel entering the chamber must be equipped with Level A hazmat equipment. In the event of an emergency, additional Level A hazmat equipment is stored in Storage Area 1995-2, adjacent to the main containment chamber. SCP-1995 is monitored by an array of sensors which detect the exact time of an event, energy released during an event, and exact temperature to thousandths of a Kelvin. The total energy released during an event and the exact time of an event are to be recorded and noted in Ledger 1995-1. Deviations in time between events or energy released during an events are to be reported to the Level 3 researcher on-site immediately. These are defined as greater than 12 24 milliseconds and greater than 38 joules respectively.
Special Containment Procedures: Any reports of SCP-1996 apparitions are to be concealed via standard disinformation campaign protocols, such as the seizure of local documentation and application of Class-C amnestics. Current attempts at containment are focused on creating or controlling areas determined as probable locations of SCP-1996 apparition events. Any documents left at apparition event sites by SCP-1996 are to be classified as non-anomalous records, archived at Site-77.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1997 is to be kept in a plastic sleeve and stored in a secure filing cabinet at Site-19. Photographic records of all known spreads of SCP-1997 are available for review to reduce unnecessary handling of SCP-1997.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1998 is to be contained in a High Value Storage Locker in Site 38. Testing of SCP-1998's effects are to be carried out only according to the following protocols. First, a request is to be filed with the Foundation Ethics Committee, which will provide both the appropriate D-class personnel and the parameters under which experimentation can be carried out. Second, all aspects of every experiment are to be monitored in person by one representative of the Ethics Committee and broadcast live via closed-circuit camera to the remainder of the Committee. Third, under no circumstances is SCP-1998 to be used for anything other than experimental testing; any attempt to use SCP-1998 to alter the free will of D-class personnel for the benefit of either individual members or departments of the Foundation will be considered grounds for immediate demotion and reassignment.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Iota-9 ("Collected Curios") is to work with museums in designated areas of effect, identifying cases of vandalism concerning the name "Loewes". The MTF will also secure all items affected by SCP-1999. The Foundation will work to restore items with high monetary or cultural value.
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance to SCP-2000 is disguised as a disused Park Ranger station in Yellowstone National Park. Despite several civilian trespassing attempts, the entrance has yet to be breached in the installation’s recorded history, and no further physical containment has been deemed necessary. Protocol Plainsight-201 is in effect for SCP-2000. Necessary supplies and replacement personnel may be delivered via unmarked road vehicles or civilian helicopter as appropriate.
Special Containment Procedures: No means of containment or prevention of SCP-2001 is currently available to the Foundation. In lieu of this, several alternative procedures have been established. Gamma-Type individuals and Beta-Type individuals not affiliated with NASA or any other space-related organization should be monitored and detained if necessary. Individuals employed or affiliated with space-related organizations who show signs of Gamma or Beta-Type infection should be removed from service and administered amnestics. Effective 10/21/20██, All individuals afflicted with Alpha-Type symptoms should be detained in Wing ██ of Sector ██. Under no circumstances should Alpha-Type individuals be allowed access to any astronomical or spacefaring equipment. Mandatory SCP-2001 screening is in effect for all Foundation staff.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-2002 is to concentrate on the coordinated dissemination of misinformation to all organizations and individuals concerned with the discovery, tracking, study and/or discussion of (mobile) astronomical objects. Special focus is to be put on the manipulation of relevant fringe organizations in order to obfuscate the nature of SCP-2002.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2003 is contained at Armed Site-47, a Type 4 Restricted Zone. In accordance with Type 4 protocols, personnel assigned to SCP-2003 research, security and maintenance must undergo expanded background check procedures, as well as successfully pass a Hoiberg-Kazawa Causality Questionnaire. Access to SCP-2003 itself is limited to XN-SHEPHERD project participants with prior approval from the Director of Site-47.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2004 is contained at Armed Reliquary Containment Area-02. Standard memetic countermeasures have proven insufficient in the past; therefore, SCP-2004 is to be handled utilizing Containment Procedure-2004 "Blind Lead the Blind." See ARC A-02 Clearance-04 Procedures manual for more information. Any individuals affected by SCP-2004 (hereby dubbed SCP-2004-1) are to be handled in the same manner.
Special Containment Procedures: Contained SCP-2005 instances are to be contained in individual Faraday-insulated electronics/vehicle lockers (depending on appropriate size) in Site-65 and restrained with straps attached to the top, bottom, and rear wall of the locker to prevent motion. Earth's orbit is to be monitored for possible additional instances of SCP-2005; following recovery, data regarding the probe is to be concealed via AESIR protocol, and researchers are to disable and/or remove any transmission equipment present in the instance during initial experimentation if possible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2006 is to be contained at Site 118 in an airtight containment cell. SCP-2006 must be constantly monitored for changes in form, which are to be noted immediately. All personnel coming into contact with SCP-2006 are required to enroll in an acting course with a focus on expressing fear and surprise.
Special Containment Procedures: Three-hundred and fourteen (314) receivers tuned to 31.222kHz are to be equally distributed around the globe for the purpose of receiving transmissions. Receivers are to be constantly active. Automatic software is to continuously decrypt, analyze, and log transmissions associated with SCP-2007 activity. In the case that a message is received within statistically accepted parameters of an SCP-2007 emergence event, the SCP-2007 instance linked to the event is to undergo Procedure Lambda-Aleph as soon as possible. In the case that a message is generated with unusual or anomalous characteristics, it is to be flagged for later review by Foundation Data Analysis.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation personnel stationed or living in the state of Tennessee are prohibited from engaging in discussions regarding the wives of former US Presidents.
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-2009-02 are to be kept in refrigerated BSL-4-compliant storage at Bio Site 98. Should an instance of SCP-2009-01 be required for testing or interview purposes, a single D-Class personnel is to be exposed to three grams of SCP-2009-02. Following exposure, the infected individual is to be contained in a BSL-4-compliant containment cell for a period of no less than nine days, after which point it is to be treated as a new instance of SCP-2009-01. Infection of D-class personnel with SCP-2009-02 is to take place only with the approval of at least two on-site Level 4 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: All wilderness in a 20 km radius around the site of SCP-2011 is designated as a jungle preservation. As such, illegal loggers and poachers, as well as any other trespassers, are to be detained, questioned, and administered class-B amnestics prior to release. SCP-2011-1 are to be monitored from the on-site research station. All births and deaths of SCP-2011's population are to be cataloged by on-site staff; as of █/██/2███, cadavers will no longer be collected for any reason (see Addendum 2011-1).
Special Containment Procedures: At least one individual who is trained and fluent in speaking Vulgar Latin (the common language used during early Imperial Rome), must be on hand at all times to deal with SCP-2012. Said personnel is henceforth referred to as Alpha-1. Alpha-1 must be trained in Imperial Roman history, with a strong focus on military doctrine and tactics of the early Empire. In addition, one period-accurate set of lorica segmentata, forged using only methods available to Roman blacksmiths is to be procured for the use of said personnel. A standard set of weaponry for an Imperial Auxilia cavalryman is to be provided and forged with the same requirements as the armor. One horse with appropriate Roman cavalry accoutrements is to be provided. Alpha-1 is to receive lessons in Roman horsemanship, mainly in riding without a stirrup.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2013 is to be treated through global dispersal of an aerosolized version of the Cardiff Compound, distributed via Foundation-owned aircraft, disguised as normal aircraft trails. Foundation employees affected by SCP-2013 are to be subject to regular Class-C Amnestic administration to treat infection. Individuals refusing treatment are to be administered Class-A amnestics and have their positions at the Foundation terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2014 is to be kept in an artificial habitat appropriate for geckos in Site-27. It should be cared for as specified in care sheet 2014-A, derived from open-source material on Eublepharis macularius. SCP-2014 may use its skateboard for recreational purposes if good behaviour is maintained, although it must be kept under surveillance with anesthesiologists standing by in case it attempts to breach containment.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-2015 are to be kept in sound proof containment lockers at Site-20. Instances of SCP-2015 must be inspected monthly for repairs. Leaked vídeo footage of instances of SCP-2015 must be located and covered up. Experiments involving instances of SCP-2015 must be approved by at least one Level 3 Researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2016-1 is to be kept in a standard containment locker at Site-20. Testing with SCP-2016-1 must be approved by at least one Level 2 Researcher. SCP-2016-1 must be inspected monthly for repairs.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2017 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell furnished with a bed, a set of drawers, and a bookshelf with age-appropriate books. A pediatrician and a child psychologist specializing in early-onset psychosis and anxiety disorders are to be assigned to SCP-2017 at all times. Except when isolated in containment or during a testing scenario, SCP-2017's skin is to be completely covered at all times, and all personnel handling SCP-2017 are advised to wear full-body protective suits.
Special Containment Procedures: The area around SCP-2018 is to be fenced and security personnel are to monitor the area to prevent civilians from entering it. One D-Class personnel is to be sent inside SCP-2018-1 every month and brought back. Any experiments involving SCP-2018 and SCP-2018-1 must be approved by at least one Level 3 Researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2019 is to be kept unconscious through the use of sedatives and fed intravenously. One brain must be left inside SCP-2019, and all others are to be removed surgically and then incinerated. Experiments involving SCP-2019 need the approval of at least one Level 3 Researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2020 is kept in a Type 4 Humanoid Containment Cell at Site 17. Standard amenities and precautions associated with T4HCC are in place. Dietary Supplement 2020-9, consisting of 1.4 kilograms of used shredded paper, is to be provided daily. SCP-2020's cell is to be monitored for any unusual activity, with all vocalizations transcribed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2022 is to be stored and organized within a pitch black biohazardous storage room at a controlled room temperature of 10°C. Prescribed use of the supplements must be approved by the site director and medical staff. Over-dosages must be reported immediately to on-site physicians. Overuse of SCP-2022 is prohibited outside of testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: A perimeter is to be established around the hillside area surrounding the origin point of SCP-2023. Security personnel assigned to the containment of SCP-2023 are to maintain the guise of a team of archaeologists overseeing a historical excavation and restoration process. Any unauthorized persons attempting to enter the perimeter are to be turned away with the explanation of keeping the area undisturbed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2024 is to be stored in a 1 m by 20 cm by 5 cm case lined with packaging foam molded to fit SCP-2024's shape. A tube of packaging foam with one open end is to be fitted around SCP-2024's handle such that the handle is covered completely. Personnel are not to hold SCP-2024 by its shaft while SCP-2024 is active. SCP-2024's tag is to remain attached while SCP-2024 is in storage and during normal testing. If the tag is removed for special testing, personnel are to wear protective sunglasses and lead-lined bodysuits. Personnel who are adversely deformed by SCP-2024 are to be given localized injections of bismuth subsalicylate until stable.
Special Containment Procedures: Shipping and transport companies are to be passively dissuaded from routing through SCP-2025-A. In the rare event of emergent photographs or other media regarding SCP-2025, disinformation campaigns are to dismiss them as failed viral advertising for an unspecified American insurance company until the media can be collected and destroyed.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-2026 may be kept in a standard containment locker at Site-20. Instances of SCP-2026-1 must be kept in wooden boxes without lids in a containment cell at the same Site, with direct exposure to standard lighting. Experiments involving SCP-2026 must have the approval of at least one Level 3 Researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: A space-based telescope under Foundation control is to observe SCP-2027 at all times. If SCP-2027 is detected by satellites, it is to be dismissed as an asteroid. Class-C Amnestics are to be dispersed to terrestrial astronomers that detect SCP-2027. If any data demonstrating the existence of SCP-2027 is published, data must be seized and Class-A Amnestics dispersed to all readers and authors. Unmanned Probe ██A-2027 is to remain within 5,000 km of SCP-2027 at all times, and is not to enter any area within 1,250 km of SCP-2027.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-91 has been built around the affected house of ████ ██████. Instances of SCP-2028 may be kept in a standard containment locker at Site-20. Experiments involving SCP-2028 must have the approval of at least one Level 3 Researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2029 is to be stored in a hermetically-sealed, HDPE-lined ceramic container in Biological Research Area-12's Biosafety Level 4 containment wing. Sampling of the acetic acid held in SCP-2029-1 is to be conducted daily. If titration reveals greater than 50000 ppm of SCP-2029-2 by volume, SCP-2029-1 is to undergo the neutralization procedure described below.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation-operated web analysis bot Delta-09 ("LAUGHSTOP") is to be kept in constant operation and checked for defects twice a week by a Level-2 staff member familiar with its operation. When functional, the bot will search a wide range of file sharing and video streaming websites for SCP-2030 and remove any manifestations discovered.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2031 shall be contained at Site-2031-A. Instances of SCP-2031 identified outside containment will be neutralized by MTF-Theta-88 (“Crazy Buggers”) with incendiary devices and chemical saturation with fipronil, bifenthrin, and/or permethrin. Areas of these occurrences will be surveyed periodically to detect any reappearance of SCP-2031 and re-treated as necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2032 is to be kept in a standard humanoid cell in Site-06-3. Four (4) armed guards are to be posted outside of SCP-2032's cell at all times to prevent false information from being planted in his belongings. All requests made by SCP-2032, within reason, are to be accepted pending review and written consent of a Level 3 Researcher. Newspapers documenting recent world events are to be delivered to SCP-2032's containment cell daily. SCP-2032 is to be given two (2) 16mg capsules of Galantamine daily, provided with the morning and dinner meals. At approximately 8:30 every morning SCP-2032 is to be given a 100mg subcutaneous injection of Anakinra. Provided that joint inflammation does not restrict movement, SCP-2032 is given two hours daily of physician approved exercise and socialization with the staff of Site-06-3 so long as he is accompanied by a nurse. Following a mild stroke SCP-2032 is on a mechanical ventilation apparatus and is confined to a wheel chair and is no longer allowed to leave his containment cell. The cell has been refurnished with life support equipment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2033 is contained at Site-101. SCP-2033 has no special nutritional requirements, and may be cared for in an identical fashion to a normal sugar maple specimen.
Special Containment Procedures: All unexplained wildfires in Oceania are to be monitored and investigated as potential habitats for wild instances of SCP-2036-2. All suspected instances of wild SCP-2036-2 should be reported to MTF Lambda-12 ("Varmint Hunters") for retrieval.
Special Containment Procedures: All SCP-2037 specimens are to be contained in an enclosed container with the minimum size of 10m x10m x3m. Specimens should always have sufficient access to fresh hay, grass, and water. SCP-2037 specimens are to be removed from the container before the daily cleaning of the containment chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: All objects infected with SCP-2038 are designated SCP-2038-1. To ensure SCP-2038's survival, a standard inanimate test cylinder is to remain infected with SCP-2038 at all times. Every 36 hours, SCP-2038 is to be passed from this cylinder to an uninfected test cylinder. After another 36 hours SCP-2038 is to be passed back to the first cylinder. The process is to be performed by an automated arm with disposable gripping pads within an unobserved chamber. Gripping pads are to be incinerated and replaced after each pass.
Special Containment Procedures: Presently, Foundation efforts at Research Facility-2039 are focused on two fronts: prevention/minimization of collateral damage to the area outside the valley, and analysis of the phenomenon's history and behavior.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2040 is to be kept in a modified human containment cell. The cell should be designed to block wireless transmissions.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2041 is currently being kept in Mobile Research Lab 48-M under the supervision of a temporary investigative research team headed by Dr. Darritz.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2042 subjects are to be held in a standard humanoid containment cell, with cushioned cabinets for SCP-2042-2-1 through 20. They are to be fed three times as much food as an average build human would normally require in total. SCP-2042 is allowed to make requests for items and musical samples as reward for good behaviour. All personnel with a security level of 2 or higher are allowed entry into SCP-2042's containment area for interviewing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2044-1 is contained in a standard humanoid containment cell, modified to include a small duct to allow for the entry of house flies. SCP-2044-1 has been conditioned against scratching its scalp, laying on its back, rapidly moving its head, taking aggressive action against house flies in its cell or any other activities which may disrupt SCP-2044-2’s community. Personnel are to discipline SCP-2044-1 if any of the above listed activities are performed. For a full list of prohibited actions, see Addendum-2044-D.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2045 is to be continuously covered with a dummy tractor to maintain the appearance of normality. Any civilians who come into contact with SCP-2045 are to be amnesticized. All debris left by SCP-2045 is to be cleared away by Foundation assets. Methods to contain SCP-2045 are currently being considered.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2046 must be affixed to the wall of a secure, air-tight containment cell equipped with an airlock and radiation shielding. Several other, non-anomalous periodic tables of identical dimensions to SCP-2046 must be affixed to the wall nearby. At any given time, there must be no fewer than twenty (20) periodic tables on the wall. In addition, the containment chamber must have a table set with a one gram (1g) sample of the first 92 elements on the standard periodic table of elements,1 each sealed in an air-tight glass bottle.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2047 is to be held in a containment chamber which utilizes a Faraday mesh in its construction to block incoming or outgoing radio signals. SCP-2047 is to be monitored for radio communications. Any radio signals, or changes in the intensity of light sourcing from SCP-2047 are to be reported immediately to the site director.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2048 and its associated simulations are hosted on a network of dedicated servers at Site 255. Site 255 is equipped with triple-redundancy power supply systems in order to ensure uninterrupted continuation of SCP-2048's simulations. SCP-2048-1 is kept, disassembled, in Lab 17 of the Experimental Technology Division at Site 19.
Special Containment Procedures: Ten Foundation personnel should reside in Manningtree, UK, at all times. When a transmission from SCP-2049-1 is detected, information regarding the forecast should be related to Site 294 immediately. If the resulting anomaly directly affects the population of Manningtree, MTF 294-Samekh ("We Get To Choose Our Own Name?") will be deployed to Manningtree. A cover story is to be established for the results of the resulting anomaly, and amnestics are to be administered to any direct witnesses.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2050 has officially been relocated to Site 118's Biological Environment Containment Zone. SCP-2050's biological environment zone is to mimic a deciduous forest resembling those that can be found in the United Kingdom.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2051 is surrounded by a three-meter high chain-link fence topped with barbed wire. Additionally, a three hundred meter long concrete dam has been built across the entrance to the cove. Warnings of a large Chironex fleckeri (Box Jellyfish) population are to be posted around the fencing. Security cameras are to be placed every 500 meters along the fence.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2052 is currently stored in a standard vacuum chamber at Site-██. Sides A and B have been dyed red and blue, respectively, for ease of identification. When not involved in approved experimentation, SCP-2052 must be laid flat inside the vacuum chamber, with side A facing upwards. SCP-2052 must not be exposed to pressures above 0.5 Pascals at any time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2053-1 is kept in a standard containment locker at Site-██. SCP-2053-2 is to be stored on a 2 GB flash drive in the same containment locker as SCP-2053-1. Once a month, one Level-2 researcher is to remove SCP-2053-1 from this locker and attempt to rotate the object's faces. If unsuccessful, the object is to be returned to the locker. If rotation is successful, testing will resume under the direction of Dr. Boone.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2054 is quarantined at the maximum security wing of the humanoid detention center at Site-23. All nutritional and medical needs are to be provided by automated means, as are those necessary for interrogation. Under no circumstances are any personnel to have any physical contact with SCP-2054. Once a week, exercise is permitted under armed guard in the maximum security rehabilitation center. Standard amenities package EEF-115 are to be extended to SCP-2054 as long as it remains cooperative.
Special Containment Procedures: Best practice in relation to SCP-2055 is currently limited to constant monitoring of key personnel and the suppression of public knowledge. All Class A and Class B personnel, as well as key civilian figures, should be subject to constant automated remote surveillance using approved protocol D-11 for intelligent remote monitoring systems.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2056 is to be held in a forested enclosure 1 square kilometer in size. Perimeter fencing is to be constructed of concrete walls 4m in height, supplemented with electrified fencing to discourage approach by SCP-2056.
Special Containment Procedures: Outside of scheduled experiments, instances of SCP-2057 are to be stored in a standard large-volume storage locker in Containment Area-27 at a temperature of 25°C.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2059 is to be contained within a modified containment area designed for Class-IV Hostile Amorphous Entities. The unit must comprise a shaft, 40m deep and 15m in diameter, composed of high-gloss steel plating. This plating is to be replaced as need be to maintain a fine polish throughout. The opening of this shaft is to be covered with a shock-proof plexiglass plate that can be removed remotely. Additionally, the containment unit is to be equipped with necessary video and audio surveillance equipment, as well as a speaker system in order to facilitate communication with SCP-2059-1.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-2060 are to be kept in empty, 3m3 frog terrariums, with each variant grouped together in a single habitat. An industrial-grade dehumidifier should be active in the habitat room at all times. A 16-watt white LED bulb light should shine into each habitat at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2061 is kept in a standard containment locker at Site-76 in a secure container. Experimentation on and access to SCP-2061 is currently suspended indefinitely. Future experimentation with SCP-2061 is to be led by Foundation personnel employed as contractors by the Sharp Corporation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2063 should be mounted on its stand when not being tested, and stored in a secure enclosure no smaller than 3m x 3m x 3m. The stand itself should be securely mounted atop a 1.5 meter tall pedestal affixed to the floor, or otherwise securely fixed in the center of the room. Other than during approved testing, no object or obstruction other than the plastic stand is to come within a 1 meter spherical radius, centered on the point of contact between the ship and the stand, unless that object directly supports the stand itself.
Special Containment Procedures: All 14 known copies of SCP-2065 are currently in Foundation custody. They are to be kept in a high value containment vault on floor 26 of Site-88. Research involving SCP-2065 is currently prohibited. Under no circumstances are copies of SCP-2065 to be reproduced.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2066 is currently contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber constructed at its original discovery location in Greenland, ██.██° N, ██.██° W. This cell is equipped with video surveillance equipment to confirm SCP-2066's continued presence;1 however, as SCP-2066 has not displayed unusual strength or intelligence, escape is considered unlikely. Containment efforts are to focus on preventing civilian access to SCP-2066's area of effect, defined as a circle of radius four kilometers centered on the containment chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2067 is currently inactive and contained in a concrete-lined steel chamber at Site-88. The chamber has a single entrance that is seamless when closed and only opens from the outside. Conditions that would cause SCP-2067 to enter an active state include the existence of an Iranian leader who has taken the title of Shah, and that this Shah is located within the political boundaries of Iran. Containment is thus predicated on the continuation of Iran's Islamic republic. If a Shah potentially comes to power at some point, Foundation personnel are not permitted to approach this Shah or SCP-2067.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2068 is to be contained in a two meter cubed insulated pressurized vault in Site-15 Armed Bio-Containment Area-14. The vault shall be within its own Faraday cage, and no electronics shall be permitted within twenty fifty meters. The interior of the vault shall have a nitrogen atmosphere at 200 kPa pressure, which shall be remotely monitored via analog pressure gauges. The interior of the vault will be visually monitored through a system of mirrors and lenses to keep the cameras outside the prohibited range.
Special Containment Procedures: All recovered instances of SCP-2069 have been stored in a re-purposed warehouse at Area-29 following the completion of mandatory biological and memetic hazard screening and quarantine procedures. Transcripts and data extracted from SCP-2069 instances are available through the Foundation research database and direct access to SCP-2069 instances may be granted with permission from at least one (1) Level 3 Senior Researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to their apparent omnipresence, containment of SCP-2070-1 and -2 is focused on suppression of knowledge. Disinformation campaigns intended to discredit and/or totally drown out anyone who reports discoveries of SCP-2070-1 and -2 are to be maintained at all times. These campaigns consist of two components:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2071 is stored in Vault 86 at Site-11. Vault 86 is to be kept at a constant temperature of -10°C. Tests involving SCP-2071 and reptiles require approval from both the current Site Director of Site-11 and the head of SCP-2071 research.
Special Containment Procedures: At least one Foundation staff member (designated Level 1-SCP-2072 or higher) must be present and armed with a standard-issue sidearm at all times. Access to SCP-2072 is restricted from the general public.
Special Containment Procedures: The current iteration of SCP-2073-A remains contained in a standard Humanoid Containment Cell within the Esoteric Research Sector of Area-08 (Deck 02). Until such a time that SCP-2073-A may produce a biological son, its location and properties will be accessible only to Clearance Level 4 personnel and authorized 2/2073 personnel from Area-08.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2074 is not dangerous. Information or expeditions to SCP-2074 by the public should be monitored and diverted if necessary. Currently, the Foundation believes that at least one person or group is aware of, or may be monitoring or controlling, the anomalous features of SCP-2074. Attempts are underway to identify this party.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its properties, active containment for SCP-2076 is to be established through live remote monitoring of any media sources connected to any cities in the state of Illinois. The activation of Disinformation Protocol CEIRT-27-04 ("Bowdlerization") is to be carried out on a weekly basis by Foundation-operated assets linked to active distribution to major informative sources.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Alpha-3 ("Running Mates") has been commissioned in order to contain SCP-2078; at no time are more than 49% of the membership of MTF Alpha-3 to possess American citizenship. In order to identify SCP-2078 infection vectors and infectees, MTF Alpha-3 operatives have been granted access to all Foundation telecommunications surveillance of the United States of America. MTF Alpha-3 also conducts regular scans of American news media, physical correspondence, and internet activity.
Special Containment Procedures: Where feasible, Foundation personnel are to monitor the laws, code of conduct, canon law, charter, or employee agreements of all nations and organizations listed in Document 2079-1 for signs of SCP-2079 influence. No group may be monitored by one of its own members.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2080 is contained in situ and has been boarded up and declared condemned as cover. Two personnel are to be posted at Observation Point 2080 for monitoring. Any civilians found on SCP-2080's property are to be detained and questioned, with amnestics administered if needed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2081 are to be kept in a standard Safe-class locker, with each instance held securely closed by two strong elastic bands to prevent accidental exposure. Duplication of SCP-2081's contents does not reproduce the anomalous effects, and as such any copies created are not subject to special containment procedures. Copies created for research or other purposes are not to be taken off-site.
Special Containment Procedures: All known samples of SCP-2082's DNA are to be stored in standard biological containment units, located in Site-190. Non-anomalous counterfeits are to be distributed to major scientific organizations which believe they possess portions of SCP-2082. All attempts to create this technology outside of the Foundation is to be hampered by embedded agents within the scientific community. The equipment required to create an instance of SCP-2082 is to be kept in a disassembled state, and stored within Site-77.
Special Containment Procedures: The warehouse containing SCP-2083 has been designated as a secure zone, with a Foundation research station permanently stationed outside of it. All access to SCP-2083 is restricted, and any personnel surviving exposure to SCP-2083 will be severely reprimanded. Once per month, a used sneaker is to be thrown into SCP-2083, and the results recorded by on-site personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2085 is contained within a modified Type-05 Humanoid Containment Unit. No attempts to isolate or remove SCP-2085-1 are authorized until SCP-2085's containment implants can be effectively replicated. In the case of SCP-2085-1 overcoming SCP-2085's containment implants, SCP-2085 and SCP-2085-1 are to be terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: News reports in all major towns and cities are to be monitored for missing persons that had recently or regularly used public transport. Agents are to be dispatched to high-threat regions on a semi-regular basis.
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance to SCP-2088 is currently owned by the group of interest Marshall, Carter and Dark. Containment procedures are currently dedicated to maintaining consistent observations and assessing the feasibility of an interplanetary mission to the facility. Foundation personnel working for United Kingdom-based front companies have business arrangements with Marshall, Carter and Dark to regularly attend SCP-2088 events.
Special Containment Procedures: The domains containing SCP-2089 are to be blocked from all public service providers. Any original or re-posted content related to SCP-2089-1 (including videos, images, gifs, comments and fan-derived works) are to be taken down by Foundation Agents. Personnel actively viewing SCP-2089-1 related content are to be rotated on a bi-weekly basis.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation personnel standing in as personal security staff are to closely monitor SCP-2090 on a day-to-day basis for any sign of anomalous deviation. Kant Counters are to be discreetly installed in and around the home of SCP-2090 to provide constant surveillance of SCP-2090 and any disturbances caused by its anomalous nature. Any discrepancies are to be reported to Level 2090/4 staff personnel assigned to SCP-2090, or to the MTF P-5 team leader.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2091-1 and SCP-2091-2 are to be housed in Site-282. SCP-2091-1 is to be kept in a standard Animal Containment Unit. SCP-2091-2 is to be kept in a Type S Humanoid Anomaly Containment Cell. Requests submitted from SCP-2091-2 for various entertainment are to be approved on a case-by-case basis as behavior permits.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the distant location and inert nature of SCP-2092, suppression of information and continuous observation is considered sufficient for its containment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2094 is to be contained in a medium-security residential chamber in Bio Site-59. Standard PG-Class pre-approved luxuries and amenities may be granted on a supervised basis as an incentive to promote cooperation in interviews and experiments.
Special Containment Procedures: Reliquary Site-26 was constructed around SCP-2095, preventing access and enclosing it from view. Site-26 has been disguised as a weather observatory and agents within the Greek government are to ensure that the site is publicly viewed as such.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2096 is to be held in an MSHA1 containment cell at Area 26. Following Event 08/29/2001-2, the subject has remained in a comatose state. A minimum of one Medical Department personnel and one Research Department personnel are to monitor SCP-2096 at all times. In the event of SCP-2096 regaining consciousness, Containment Subterfuge Protocol 002 ("Conventional Medical Facility") is to be initiated until current containment protocols are reestablished.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2097 is to be held in a well-lit standard containment chamber. Historical Mongolian texts and children's books written in Spanish are to be arranged on the floor nearby; different texts are to be rotated in on a monthly basis. The room is to be monitored by four CCTV cameras, with at least one directly focused on SCP-2097 at all times. Access to the chamber is to require Level-3 clearance. Should instances of SCP-2097-1 manifest, Researcher Adams (or the Level-3 Researcher currently assigned to SCP-2097) is to be informed immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: All containment efforts are directed towards surveillance of Prime Susceptibility Communities and rapid mobilization of venue disruption teams upon confirmation of a SCP-2098 Phase 2 event.
Special Containment Procedures: Objects composing SCP-2099 are kept in place at the recovery site. All communications connections (phone lines, LAN, etc.) have been severed. All wireless devices have been found and destroyed. See Addendum 2099-4
Special Containment Procedures: Site ██ was built above SCP-2100, and is located in Antarctica at the Earth's Southern Pole. SCP-2100 is publicly concealed as the IceCube Neutrino Observatory; a cover-up organization has been established through the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Special Containment Procedures: Given the highly public nature of SCP-2101’s current location, containment is to focus around the disinformation campaign aimed at the public. The Foundation has currently negotiated with the Chinese government to halt all funding for the public excavation of SCP-2101. Any private donations aimed at completing the excavation of SCP-2101 are to be intercepted and redirected.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2102 is to be housed at Site-122 in an L-Type Humanoid Anomaly Containment Cell (HACC). This is to be modified to minimize the probability of injury to SCP-2102. SCP-2102 is to remain fully restrained at all times, with its hands and feet encased within padded sleeves to avoid accidental or intentional lacerations of its epidermis. SCP-2102 is to be considered a permanent Class Alpha-Red security risk in light of its suicidal tendencies.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2103 is to be contained in a Safe Object locker when not in use for testing or experimentation. When so stored, SCP-2103 is to be directly contained in a small (no larger than 1m along any dimension) storage case suitable for transporting fragile, glass-like items. This case is to remain open inside the locker and under automated surveillance at all times; specifically observed by an automated process that is able to detect motion and non-motion based visual changes (such as color changes) to the observed area. Any such observed change must be immediately reported to the research team appointed to SCP-2103.
Special Containment Procedures: All entries leading to SCP-2104-B are to be surrounded by a wire mesh fence. The fence's perimeter is to be patrolled to avoid civilian intruders. Any civilian crossing the perimeter must be administered Class B amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2106-1 are to be kept within the multiple subject aviary at Site-64. Instances are to be fed twice a day and individually examined for injury and general health on site every two weeks. In the event that an instance of SCP-2106-1 expires, it is to be immediately replaced by an additional specimen of Corvus corax. In the event of an SCP-1505 outbreak, contaminated instances of SCP-2106-1 are to be immediately isolated and neutralized.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2107 are to be stored in a CNSI1 containment locker at Site 19. Any number of instances may be moved to a refrigerated CNSI unit in advance of experimental trials.
Special Containment Procedures: The abandoned warehouse building containing SCP-2108 has been acquired by the Foundation and designated Containment Site-2108 Core. No Foundation personnel are to enter Site-2108 Core unless strictly necessary for testing; the general operations of Site-2108 are to take place in the Site's other buildings. Site-2108 Core is to remain under security appropriate for a sensitive Foundation site. Wherever possible, objects and conditions known to affect SCP-2108's properties are to be managed within known minimally-disruptive ranges.
Special Containment Procedures: Information regarding SCP-2109 is largely self-containing and requires no information suppression on behalf of the Foundation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2110 is to be monitored on-site by at least two Level Three personnel at all times under the cover story of maintaining it to prevent any damage. As the site has been marked as a historical landmark in need of preservation by the Junior Gosnold's Preservation Trust, no further action should be needed. However, if there is a breach of knowledge to the public, and/or civilians are found to have successfully entered SCP-2110, Class-A amnestics are to be administered where necessary with affected individuals monitored for up to 28 days. Disinformation campaigns are to be undertaken to suppress any information about the anomalous effects of SCP-2110.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its cultural significance and the period of time elapsed between its creation and the discovery of SCP-2112, full eradication of SCP-2112's primary carrier is impossible at this time. The Foundation shall liaise with the management of Rush and with any relevant record labels to prevent any future production of SCP-2112-carrying sound recordings. All known sound recordings carrying SCP-2112 are to be seized by the Foundation and archived or destroyed as deemed necessary, and information regarding the release of affected editions is to be removed from public information archives where possible. Foundation field personnel are to monitor stores selling used LPs or compact discs, online auction houses and used goods sellers, and digital distribution services for any appearance of SCP-2112 carriers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2113 is stored on a raised platform in custom Underground Containment Chamber B-08 at Bio-Site 66. Underground Containment Chamber B-08 is accessed through two entrances; corridor B-08, accessed via floor B2 of Site-66’s main building, or via elevator installed in Outbuilding A-11, which was constructed on the surface above the chamber. Corridor B-08 extends directly from the main building to UCC B-08, and allows for uninterrupted travel directly to the observation lab.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2114 are to be housed in one of four standard terrariums in a soundproofed, BC-L1 room, equipped with an airtight door seal. Terrariums are to be maintained as per standard for domestic rats, with a layer of pine shavings (cleaned weekly), a water bottle (changed daily), an exercise wheel, and standard toys for pet rats. Diet is to be standard nutritional pellets for rodents. All feeding and maintenance is to be carried out by hand; under no circumstances are automated feeding devices to be used.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2115's domain is to be blocked from all major internet service providers. Type-III Foundation Web Analysis Bot OMICRON-20-PSI is to track and delete all advertisements of SCP-2115 found in dating websites. Testing requires the approval of at least one Level 4 personnel. All conversations between instances of SCP-2115-1 and Class-D personnel are to be monitored and documented in Document-2115-38-GH.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2116 is never to be further than 10 meters from SCP-2116-1 at any time. The individual designated as SCP-2116-1 is currently a female, aged 20. SCP-2116-1 will never willingly part with SCP-2116. When SCP-2116-1 expires for any reason, a replacement must be found within 12 hours. The age of the individual designated as SCP-2116-1 is irrelevant, testing has shown that when a suitable subject is found the anomalous nature will subside. SCP-2116-1 must be a female subject, as males seem to be unaffected by the anomalous nature of SCP-2116. Once a suitable candidate has been located, SCP-2116 is to be handed over to the subject by a male researcher. Selection criteria for SCP-2116-1 is listed below in Addendum 1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2117 is the location of Site-2117, which can be accessed by any individual possessing an instance of SCP-2117-A-1. Currently, SCP-2117-A-1 instances are used by vital personnel, members of Mobile Task Force Omega-2 ("Anti-Nihilism IN SPACE!") and instances of SCP-2117-B.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2118 is currently contained in a standard humanoid holding cell observed at all times by standard motion-activated security cameras. Cell is to be furnished with appropriate furnishings for a █-year-old child, along with two stuffed animals (an orca whale and an elephant). SCP-2118 may go to an outdoor enclosure once a day, for a length not to exceed one hour between the hours of 0900 and 1700. It is to be accompanied by at least one attendant who has never had children and is versed in American Sign Language (ASL) and its translation etiquette and usage. SCP-2118 is not to be allowed verbal access to any other personnel except within approved testing parameters.
Special Containment Procedures: To date, containment of SCP-2119 is not a viable possibility. However, all Foundation facilities are to monitor radio frequency 514.1875 MHz for SCP-2119 transmissions. If discovered, Mobile Task Force-Epsilon-734 ("Vanishing Act") shall be dispatched to collect and contain individual(s) broadcasting the signal. In cases in which containment would draw unacceptable levels of attention to Foundation activities, targets will be monitored until such time that containment is possible.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-2120 are to be contained and towed to an appropriate Foundation-controlled harbor for further investigation. In the event that an instance of SCP-2120 is believed to be an immediate threat to exploration teams or civilian vessels, MTF Gamma-6 "Dry Docks" has been authorized to use necessary force in order to neutralize any danger the instance might pose. Information and technology recovered from instances of SCP-2120 are to be moved to Site-65 for testing and cataloging.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2121 is to be mounted on a simple square-arch frame measuring 3.5 meters in height. Once every lunar month (approximately every 28 days), a D-class personnel avowing devout faith in any religion is to be hanged using SCP-2121 in such a manner as to result in death by strangulation rather than by breaking the neck. Interviews are allowed during this period, and any significant responses are to be recorded and included in the master log.
Special Containment Procedures: The building complex containing SCP-2123 (Site-2123) has been converted into living quarters and office space for containment staff. Personnel entering the Primary Containment Building are to wear dosimetry badges at all times. Any personnel exceeding a total accumulated dose of 100mSv in 1 year are to be transferred offsite for at least 6 months. A security perimeter has been established 2km away from Site-2123 to prevent members of the public from entering the area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2124 should be kept in a secure storage locker, sized at least 50cm by 50cm by 10cm. This locker should be kept sterile, free of moisture and airtight whenever practicable in order to prevent SCP-2124 from deteriorating.
Special Containment Procedures: An area of 10 square meters around the farthest-reaching branch of SCP-2125 is to be monitored by female personnel at all times. There will be no less than one guard posted inside a facility near SCP-2125 designed to look like an old wooden shed. The shed will have a rectangular hole such that anyone facing the hole would see a seated figure inside the shed. The words "Stephanie's Camping Paradise" are to be painted above the opening. Should any civilians approach the shed, they are to be informed that "Stephanie's Camping Paradise" is out of supplies. If the civilians remain after all attempts to maintain cover and persuade them to leave have been made, then personnel are authorized to remove them by force.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2126 is to be kept in an opaque plastic sleeve and held within a moisture-controlled storage locker.
Special Containment Procedures: The shrine that SCP-2127 rests upon, and the surrounding area, are to be shut off to the public on grounds of restorative construction. No fewer than two guards are to be present at all times. If a civilian attempts to come into contact with SCP-2127, guards are to detain said civilian for questioning, administering a class-C amnestic afterward. If a civilian shows any knowledge of the properties of SCP-2127, or of the existence of SCP-2127-1, guards are authorized to administer class-B amnestics as necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-403 has been constructed around and inside the building that houses SCP-2128.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2129 is to be kept in its dormant state in a specially-designed, vacuum-sealed container with walls composed of ten centimeters of Tungsten backed by one meter of concrete. The containment chamber requires a self-contained oxygen regulation system, in the form of an inert gas fire suppression system. The container must be monitored by no less than six thermal cameras at all times without exception, and be equipped by one loudspeaker allowing communication in Morse. All equipment must be encased in five centimeters of blast-resistant laminated glass. A ten meters-long corridor must lead to the containment chamber, and be designed in the same manner.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2130 are to be sent to Storage Location 73-E, an automated storage warehouse in the Texas desert. Storage Location 73-E is to be monitored via CCTV. Guard presence should be minimised where possible. Any further testing of SCP-2130 must not be conducted at primary Foundation sites, and requires Level-3 clearance (particularly any tests involving human subjects).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2131 is to be housed at all times in a radiation shielded humanoid containment chamber. This chamber is to contain the amenities associated with a standard humanoid containment cell. Current containment protocols are to allow SCP-2131 to perform a prayer ritual of its own design for the purpose of limiting gamma ray events. Under no circumstances should this ritual be interrupted by staff.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment procedure 62-Tango-Foxtrot (standard containment for anomalous structures, nonurban) is followed for SCP-2132-01. Radios tuned to SCP-2132 (███.█ K███) are to be stationed at cardinal points 16km from SCP-2132-01 to monitor signal strength and extended listening range; SCP-2132 and its effects have not extended beyond 15.76km, with an average distance of 15km. In addition, both iterations of SCP-2132 are to be recorded and retransmitted through secure channels to Site-11 for observation. Three members of Mobile Task Force Iota-19 ("Homemade Sins") are to remain in constant residence within SCP-2132-01 in order to intercept SCP-2132's "game" and win. One member is to be cycled out each month, allowing no member to spend more than three months onsite. When the game cycle has begun, all three members are to participate and wear standard-issue chest-mounted cameras sewn into their shirts for the duration of the game cycle.
Special Containment Procedures: A security perimeter must be maintained at a ten kilometer radius around SCP-2133, preventing access to and from the surrounding area. Guards are to be stationed along the perimeter at all times and are to maintain the facade of a Russian military facility. In the event of a security breach by civilians or hostile entities, lethal force is authorized. The remote nature of SCP-2133 ensures accidental discovery to be a rarity. Personnel are to be equipped with Level A hazmat suits when exploring SCP-2133 and when interacting with its community.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-2135 is located in a highly trafficked area, isolated containment of SCP-2135 is not feasible at this time. Instead, Foundation agents will work with the New York City Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) to prevent unauthorized access to SCP-2135 by civilians. SCP-2135 is currently closed to the public and inaccessible by conventional means; as such, this is considered to be a reasonable request that does not require excessive coercion on the part of the Foundation. The interior of SCP-2135 is to be monitored via closed-circuit camera, but as it is plainly visible to civilians travelling within the New York City Subway system, Foundation personnel are discouraged from directly guarding SCP-2135's interior.
Special Containment Procedures: MTFs Eta-10 and Theta-5 are to establish a naval perimeter around the Sentinel Islands to prevent outside contact while a local containment protocol is determined.
Special Containment Procedures: When not being used, SCP-2137 is to be kept within a typical electronic 10-digit metal safe in the Safe Wing of Site 23. All digital and wireless broadcast media must be kept at least one hundred meters away from SCP-2137. Due to SCP-2137's anomalous effect having been determined to have no ranged limit, digital, wireless and broadcast media may be used but should be monitored closely for any appearance of SCP-2137-1 or -2.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2138 is contained in a pressurised canister, sealed inside an air-tight box. The box is stored in a standard containment locker at Site-73. Pressure sensors inside the canister are programmed to notify staff in case of any leak.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-35 is currently inoperative, and is not to be accessed by Foundation personnel. A recovery plan is in development for the removal of individual Keter and Euclid-class anomalies from Site-35 without recovery teams being compromised by the effects of SCP-2139. All retrieved anomalies will be contained temporarily at Site-73. Once existing anomalies have been removed, a testing regime is to be established for the identification of SCP-2139 on an objective basis, with objects confirmed negative for SCP-2139 to be removed from the site individually and stored or disposed of at the discretion of the Site-73 director.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2140 poses no threat to Foundation personnel. Deployment to counter hostile SCP-2140-1 instances under the conditions of Appendix A is authorized. Expanded deployment against other threats must be approved on a case-by-case basis by O5 command and the Ethics Committee.
Special Containment Procedures: As of 7/04/20██, the entrance to the tunnel in which SCP-2141 resides must always remain unobstructed. Mobile Task Force Omega-23, under the command of Site Administrator L██████, has been designated as the primary unit responsible for secure containment procedure regarding SCP-2141.
Special Containment Procedures: Individual instances of SCP-2142 require no special containment procedures, and are to be stored in a Bulk Storage Unit at Site-33. Testing of SCP-2142 may only occur in soundproof testing chambers of Class 3 or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2143 is contained within an electrically insulated Large Scale Containment Cell at Site-42. The center of the cell is to be furnished according to Class-III Humanoid Containment standards, underneath a 3-by 3-meter Plexiglas roof supported by 3-meter tall steel girders. Two (2) guards equipped with tasers are to be stationed outside SCP-2143's containment chamber at all times. In the event that an Omicron event expands beyond the containment chamber, Kolokol-2 is to be immediately introduced into SCP-2143's containment chamber via the ventilation system until SCP-2143 is sedated. Following the cessation of Omicron events, non-anomalous objects spawned should be incinerated onsite by crew following Bio-safety Level 4 protocols. Anomalous objects that are spawned should be classified as SCPs or anomalous items and contained accordingly. The results of each Omicron event should be recorded and uploaded into the SCP-2143 data file daily.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2144 is to be kept in an open-air enclosure at Site-37. The walls surrounding said enclosure are to have windows built in and a gatehouse built along the walls is to serve as the access point.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2145-1, -2, and -3 are to be contained in standard humanoid cells at Site 19. They frequently attempt to engage in self-harm, and are to be considered a moderate to high suicide risk; although Dr. ██████ has speculated that the nature of their anomaly would prevent any self-inflicted injuries from being fatal, this is — short of allowing a suicide attempt to proceed to completion — unfalsifiable. For their psychological well-being, they are permitted to undergo cosmetic surgery procedures at their own request; these procedures may not be performed any more frequently than once every three months.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2146 is presently commonly known as DDUSAT-12, and is on record as a defunct communications satellite owned by Defense Design United, a holding of Standard Communications Production, a Foundation front company.1 Due to its size and location, recovery or containment is presently thought infeasible.2 MTF-Mu-19 ('the Star-Struck') have been covertly inserted into various astronomical societies in order to identify any potential breaches of the anomaly. Individuals who discover SCP-2146 are to be either administered Class-B amnestics or discredited, as is appropriate for the situation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2147's front porch is to be kept clear of plant matter at all times, as not to arouse suspicion. SCP-2147 has been removed from all websites featuring it, either through use of digital image manipulation or takedown of images on the basis of copyright claims. Any non-Foundation image of SCP-2147- particularly ones found on urban exploration websites- are to be taken down as soon as possible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2148 is to be held within a standard humanoid containment chamber within Hall ██ of Site-██. SCP-2148-1 is to remain in place at all times. Class C amnestics are to be administered to SCP-2148 if its anomalous properties manifest.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2149 is to be stored in a small, environmentally self-contained chamber which has been fitted with internal radiation shielding sufficient to contain all naturally-occurring radioisotopes. This chamber will also be equipped with internal Geiger counters and air-quality sensors, as well as audio/video surveillance.
Special Containment Procedures: Information related to SCP-2150 is to be blocked from all internet service providers. Additionally, other forms of media related to SCP-2150 (including literature, images, and word of mouth, but excluding this document) are to be withheld from personnel. A Level 4 security clearance is required to approve testing related to SCP-2150.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2151-A and SCP-2151-B are to be kept in separate high security containment lockers at Site-81. Testing of SCP-2151-A and -B is currently suspended.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2154 is to be contained in the observatory situated in the secured area DN-633, with access granted to Level 3/2154 and 4/2154 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Eta-10-LatAm ("No los veo") is constantly monitoring the internet for any online document in any major language that refers to a "Restored Aztlan", "New Tenochtitlan" or "Cem Anáhuac" for traces of SCP-2155.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-49 has been constructed around SCP-2157 for the purposes of containing and studying it under the public pretense of an agriculture research outpost. Guards armed with light weapons are to patrol the exterior of the site and deter civilian approach. Persons actively attempting to breach the site are to be detained and questioned.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2158 is kept in a lockbox in Site-17. SCP-2158-1 is kept in the Site-47 morgue.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2159 is to be kept in a secure locker at Site-44. Once per month, at least two Level 2 personnel are to inspect SCP-2159 and compare SCP-2159's description with Iteration 0 (Description of Iteration 0 can be found in Document 2159-Ki). If any discrepancies from Iteration 0 or among the personnel are noted, Site-44 Director is to be notified immediately. Personnel are to wear protective gloves prior to direct contact with SCP-2159.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Mu-4 ("Debuggers") is currently assigned to track and investigate potential internet sites that may be involved in the broadcast of SCP-2160. In addition, Mobile Task Force Mu-4 is authorized to shut down said sites in the event a transmission occurs.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2161-1 is to be contained in a warehouse (10,000 cubic metres minimum) and its rate of increase in volume monitored. Paper products are prohibited in the warehouse's vicinity. Electronic scanning and analysis of existing pages is to continue.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Theta-5 ("The Bigger Boat") is to continue tracking SCP-2162 and advise the containment supervisor immediately of any change in heading. Two MTF θ-5 patrol craft are to remain 10km ahead of SCP-2162, and are to escort any commercial or passenger vessels out of the anomaly's path, on the pretext of naval exercises. If, based on its heading, SCP-2162 is forecast to make landfall on any inhabited island, local residents are to be evacuated from its path and a cover story is to be circulated of unseasonal cyclonic activity. Current calculations predict late 2021 as the likely date of arrival of SCP-2162 in densely populated areas - determination of effective containment measures before that date is a priority.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2163 cannot be physically contained due to its size, geographical distribution, and place in modern human culture. Instead, containment efforts are focused on early detection and neutralization of cognitohazards generated by SCP-2163.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2164-A is to be kept in modified humanoid containment cell. A Foundation expert in Renaissance-era occult practices is to be assigned to SCP-2164-A at all times and review containment procedures every six months. All furnishings in SCP-2164-A's containment chamber are to be made of plastics or synthetic fibers, and Agrimonia eupatoria1 is to be planted along the perimeter of the cell. These plants are to be tended to by maintenance personnel weekly and any ailing plants replaced immediately. All personnel entering SCP-2164 outside of testing scenarios are to don protective garlands of Laurus nobilis2 or Ocimum basilicum3. Good behavior on SCP-2164-A's part may be rewarded with access to Salvia officinalis4, Fraxinus excelsior5, one small white beeswax candle, and other plant and animal materials documented in Document-2164-A. Under no circumstances is SCP-2164-A to be supplied with black candles, Artemisia absinthum6, Juniperus communis7, Santalum album8, Cedrus libani9, Rosa moschata10, or any of the other restricted herbs or materials listed in Document-2164-A. Female personnel advised to remain cautious around SCP-2164-A.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2165 is to be left to its own devices. It is not to be acknowledged in any way outside of this reference. This reference is to be kept in an extra-temporal, extra-spatial location. All is as it has been. All is as it always was.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents are to regularly monitor outdoor activity in elementary schools within a 20-kilometer radius of the location of SCP-2166's initial appearance. Should any children be observed engaging in SCP-2166 activity, field agents are to be dispatched to the corresponding school(s) to administer amnestics to all students involved once the current round of SCP-2166 has concluded.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2167 is to be stored in a soundproofed containment locker, connected to a CD player, four 5W speakers measuring at minimum 4 on the infinite grade impairment scale1 (hereafter IGIS), and a 12VDC 5A uninterruptible power supply with at least 300 amp-hours of capacity. The speakers are to be positioned around SCP-2167 at 90±5° angles at a maximum distance of 0.5 m. The locker is also to contain a small number of music CDs and vinyl records containing non-sensitive material alongside SCP-2167.
Special Containment Procedures: The areas within a two kilometer radius surrounding instances of SCP-2168 are to be marked off as off-limit to civilian access under the guise of a governmental project to modernize the region. Personnel stationed in the surroundings of SCP-2168's instances should avoid approaching the aforementioned area, unless directed otherwise by the Research Team. Foundation operatives are to keep track of the size and population of unaffected towns in order to prevent the emergence of new instances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2169-1 has been marked as off-limits to civilians and is to be secured by Foundation security personnel masquerading as hospital staff.
Special Containment Procedures: Regular exposure to SCP-2170 is necessary for its continued existence and containment.
Special Containment Procedures: All areas affected by SCP-2171 are to be placed under permanent video surveillance and / or botanical field supervision, on a case-by-case basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2172 has been marked with a sign indicating its nature and has been the subject of a campaign of disinformation by the Regional Press Office, with an effort to ensure its status as a “local oddity” and tourist attraction to prevent its disturbance. Local Foundation assets are instructed to monitor the traffic camera at the location of SCP-2172. In the event SCP-2172 turns yellow or green, or any attempt is made to disturb it, Local Mobile Task Force 352-Dalet (“Dixieland Nightmare Magic”) is tasked with immediate investigation and revision of containment procedures, if necessary. SCP-2172-1 is kept in a standard containment locker at Regional Headquarters-352.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-2173 appears to be stable, containment procedures are primarily geared to prevent public knowledge and interest in SCP-2173. Equipment at 10 meter intervals along the edge of SCP-2173 and 10 meters outside its edge will automatically monitor interior atmospheric content of SCP-2173 and its current diameter. Any change in SCP-2173's atmospheric content or diameter are to be reported to Containment Site 2173's Director immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation does not currently have the technical capacity to fully contain 2174; as such, containment is focused on managing information leaks and preventing independent rediscovery. Mobile Task Force Epsilon-5 ("Contagion") is to be deployed to investigate possible SCP-2174 manifestations and, if necessary, work with embedded agents in local law enforcement and media agencies to disseminate appropriate cover stories under Protocol KV-8699.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the high level of pedestrian traffic that occurs at SCP-2175’s location, containment of SCP-2175 is minimal. A local apartment has been repurposed for Foundation reconnaissance; at all times, two Foundation agents are to occupy this facility (designated Observation Post 2175-1) on the Eton side of the bridge. The agents are to monitor the location and any pedestrians who enter it.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-2176 containing Class-A ectomorphs are to be stored in a Class-4 Ectoproof Containment Vault at Site-96.
Special Containment Procedures: STRIX intelligence packages embedded in library collections management software are to monitor institutions for titles associated with SCP-2177 infection. Infections have been identified in 17 institutions, including ██ academic libraries, █ private collections, and the former non-classified public library of Site 111.
Special Containment Procedures: Provisional Site-██ has been established at the base of SCP-2178 in order to provide housing and supplies for personnel assigned to SCP-2178. A circular security perimeter with a radius of three kilometers is to be established around SCP-2178 and regularly patrolled. Because of SCP-2178’s remote location, the possibility of civilians accidentally finding SCP-2178 is extremely unlikely; as such, individuals found attempting to breach SCP-2178’s security perimeter are to be detained as potential persons of interest.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2179 must be monitored at all times and kept loaded with ticker-tape to ensure maximum notice of an 2179-A event; within ten minutes of such an event, Foundation agents must be present at Zone 2179. If this fails, at least two MTFs are to be dispatched to Zone 2179 immediately, and both the Leicestershire Police and the Ministry of Defence notified in case further reinforcements are required.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2181 is housed in a standard Humanoid containment cell at Site-145. Monitoring is to be done by closed-circuit camera only; cell should not have windows. Cell door is to be furnished with an external manual, non-electronic lock in addition to standard site-wide remote electronic locking mechanisms. The door is to remain closed and locked while personnel are within the cell. Should SCP-2181 lock the door to its containment cell, personnel are to wait fifteen minutes before manually disengaging the lock and reengaging remotely. SCP-2181 is to be supplied with a misting bottle of saline fluid that should be refilled every two days. Requests for food, music and toys are to be brought to the Site Director for approval.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2182 is to be held within a containment room in Unit 9 at Site-18. Experimentation on SCP-2182 is currently barred. A mobile perimeter is to be established around instances of SCP-2182 for the purposes of monitoring during testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2183 is currently contained on-site. The area surrounding SCP-2183 is blocked off to the public under the guise of renovation. A minimum of four Security Guards are to be assigned around the perimeter.
Special Containment Procedures: Provisional Site-146 is constructed around the habitat of SCP-2184 for the sole purpose of its containment. Site-146 is surrounded by a 3 m tall steel fence equipped with security cameras to prevent unauthorized entry. The Site is disguised as a weapon test site used by the Russian Army. The only road leading to it is in the private use of a Foundation front organization. 3 Observation Posts are built around the border of Site-146.
Special Containment Procedures: Efforts to contain SCP-2185 are ongoing. Foundation negotiation experts have met with individuals believed to be ringleaders in the operation of SCP-2185 in order to reach a compromise that would result in the cessation of its violent anomalous actions. More active and aggressive containment efforts have been deemed an unnecessary risk at this point in time, as these might result in a great widening of SCP-2185 activity, currently relatively isolated. Persons of Interest affected by the actions of SCP-2185 are to be dealt with on an individual case basis as decreed by the Foundation Diplomatic Committee. Unrelated individuals affected by SCP-2185 are to be dealt with in accordance to standard DaC (Denial and Compensation) procedure and the phenomena explained to be the result of unusual flash floods. The Foundation's possession of anomalous creatures similar in composition to members of SCP-2185 is not to come to their attention.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2186 is to be kept in a 0.9 x 0.3 x 0.3 m screened enclosure suitable for non-anomalous specimens of Chamaeleo namaquensis. Specific procedures for habitat care and maintenance are detailed in Document 2186-A.
Special Containment Procedures: Outpost 2187 has been established to form a 1 km secure perimeter around SCP-2187-A, under the cover of a private-energy power plant. Research Team 44 is currently assigned to investigation and reverse engineering of the technology inside SCP-2187-A.
Special Containment Procedures: Anomalous activity related to SCP-2188 has ceased as of 29 July 1998. In accordance with safety procedures, SCP-2188 maintains an active Euclid classification until the cautionary minimal observation period expires in 2023. In the unlikely event of a resumption of SCP-2188 activity, personnel are instructed to notify the director of Site-41, as well as the Sector G Transreality Artwork Research Collective (S-TARC), immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-2189-T are to be kept in the low-security greenhouses at Biological Containment Site-103, with temperature, humidity and soil resembling the native conditions of their biological counterparts. Instances of SCP-2189-F are to be harvested when ripe, and the metals recycled.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents embedded in regional cell phone manufacturers and distributors are to ensure that all phones sold within SCP-2190’s active area included modified SIM cards designed to automatically filter calls from SCP-2190.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation is to maintain surveillance operations but is otherwise not to directly interfere with SCP-2191 or the ritual practices of communities within the vicinity of the Hoia Forest. Exploration of SCP-2191 is prohibited outside of remotely controlled drones. Foundation operatives are to maintain the facade of forest rangers in the employ of the Romanian government. In the event of a SCP-2191 security breach by civilians or hostile entities, lethal force is authorized.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2192 is to be kept in a concrete chamber lined with lead bricks at least 10 cm in width and coated inside and out with heat-resistant ceramic material. These bricks must be checked weekly for warping and/or melting and replaced accordingly. Any furniture provided for SCP-2192's use must be constructed of heat and flame-resistant materials. The chamber must be fitted with a high-pressure cold water sprinkler system, a gauge for monitoring temperature, and a gauge for monitoring ambient level of radioactivity. SCP-2192 may be provided toys appropriate for the 5-7 year age range if requested, as well as crayons colored pencils and paper a slate and colored chalk (see addendums 2192-01 and 2192-01a) for entertainment purposes. SCP-2192 is not to be removed from its chamber at any time, and any personnel entering its container must wear a radiation suit at all times. SCP-2192's chamber must be monitored at all times for changes in temperature and radiation levels. The sprinkler system must be immediately activated if the ambient temperature inside the chamber rises by more than 10°C.
Special Containment Procedures: The Artificial Intelligence Applications Division (AIAD) is to monitor the Foundation database for instances of SCP-2193-1. The instances are to be logged and removed, and the holding Site's (if applicable) personnel will require amnestic therapy. Provisional Site-███, Site-51 and Observation Site-██ are to be exempted from this procedure, in order to facilitate observation of the phenomena. Contact with these Sites at any level (whether through in-person visits, or simply phone/email communication) is restricted, to prevent further contamination of Mission-Critical Sites.
Special Containment Procedures: Embedded Foundation personnel in health inspection and waste management departments worldwide currently monitor all major urban centers for signs of an SCP-2194 outbreak, while spearheading intensive cleanup and recycling campaigns within these areas. In the event of a confirmed outbreak, Mobile Task Force Gamma-9 ("Cleaners") will be deployed to quarantine the affected area. All instances of SCP-2194-1 are to be isolated within the quarantine zone and neutralized by means of aerosolised VX nerve agent, followed by incineration of remains. All surfaces and remains contaminated by SCP-2194 are to be sealed in expanding polyurethane foam. A new layer of foam sealant is to be applied every seven (7) days, or at the first sign of SCP-2194 breaching the seal.
Special Containment Procedures: Biological samples that are part of SCP-2195 are to be either preserved in formaldehyde solution, dried and stored in a vacuum container, or frozen, according to the method they were preserved with at the moment of discovery. Biological samples preserved through plastic infusion or stored in a solid synthetic resin block, as well as non-biological samples do not require any special containment procedures. Three low-level security vaults in Site 7 are designated for SCP-2195 storage.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2196 is to be kept in secure storage locker 37 at Site-66. In order to prevent accidental exposure to its properties, the object must be locked in an opaque tamper-proof case, with the combination available only to level 4 staff members.
Special Containment Procedures: Because neither SCP-2197 nor the lot on which it is built are recorded on any official documents, the Foundation has been able to effectively assume legal ownership of SCP-2197 by purchasing the buildings on either side of it, the lots of which legally encompass SCP-2197’s location. A small contingent of Foundation personnel have been permanently assigned to manage these properties (a small filling station with automotive repair shop, and a five-unit motor lodge).
Special Containment Procedures: Outposts 93-A, -B, and -C have been constructed within the Antarctic, directly beneath SCP-2198's original site of manifestation. The area, however unlikely the formation of future instances of SCP-2198 are, is to be continuously monitored both terrestrially from said outposts, and aerially via geosynchronous satellite.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2199 is in a standard Wildlife Observation Chamber, located within Site-77. Listening devices are attached to the hump on a permanent basis, in order to observe the interior of its body. Exploratory testing has been suspended, due to the effect that repeated testing had on SCP-2199's health.
Special Containment Procedures: The current instance of SCP-2200-2 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Bio-Site 59. To prevent the relocation of SCP-2200-1, a minimum of five armed security personnel must escort SCP-2200-2 to termination chamber T-28 once a month to assist in routine D-Class cycling. In the event SCP-2200-1 relocates, Mobile Task Force Epsilon-30 ("Blade Fielders") is to be deployed to seek out and contain the new SCP-2200-2 instance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2201 is stored in a standard Safe-class Anomalous Item containment locker located at Site-118’s Gamma Wing. Researchers wishing to test the item should submit a request form to Dr. Louef, the current head of Site-118’s Gamma Wing.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation personnel assigned to SCP-2202 are to monitor their allocated region for instances of SCP-2202, utilizing eyewitnesses or online media reporting sightings of unusual blue light emanating from apartments. When one or more instances of SCP-2202 are confirmed to have manifested, a field team is to be sent to secure the affected apartment(s), under the guise of housing staff addressing a gas leak. The affected apartments are to be cordoned off for the duration of SCP-2202, and the incident well-documented. An apartment affected by SCP-2202 may only be entered after the anomalous instance's properties have been determined.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2203 is to be kept in a standard locker and powered down between tests. Use of SCP-2203 is restricted solely for testing and not for any other purpose. Any information gathered from SCP-2203 must be logged in the experiment journal and is not to be acted upon without principal researchers' consent. All requests for hiring decisions, vacation time, or transfers to different facilities strictly on SCP-2203's advice will be denied. Researchers are expected to review the personnel guide for Foundation policies regarding ethical behavior in relationships between employees before testing.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-2204 is undertaken by the research team stationed in Oak Grove, Kentucky. Said team has managed to communicate the following:
Special Containment Procedures: As of June 6th, 2005, all Foundation assets tasked with monitoring the properties held by SCP-2205 have confirmed the ceasing of all anomalous activity matching previously described abnormal properties.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-2206 is currently unfeasible due to the number and distribution of its broadcasting locations. To combat growing public awareness of SCP-2206, a mass disinformation campaign has been launched with the goal of disguising SCP-2206 as a work of fiction. To this end, the following actions have been, will be, and/or are continuing to be taken:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2207 is to be contained in a small cardboard box filled with foam, within a standard safe-class storage locker when not used for testing. All testing with SCP-2207 is to be done in containment laboratory 8803. After testing, containment laboratory 8803 is to be decontaminated and checked for damage.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2208 is to be kept in a Level 4 secure storage locker in Site-57. Personnel wishing to access SCP-2208 must obtain permission from the Site Director. Instances of SCP-2208-A are to be cataloged and placed in non-hazardous storage.1 Full-body protection must be worn at all times when testing SCP-2208.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2209-1 is housed in Secure Storage Unit B-89 at Site-151, with a power outlet modified to comply with SCP-2209-1's wiring system and power requirements. SCP-2209-1 is only to be connected to a power source during authorized testing. When testing is not underway, SCP-2209-2 is to be stored in a standard inanimate item containment locker in Secure Storage Unit B-89. Further testing of scenarios in "Ultra-Realism Mode" requires the authorization and presence of a researcher with minimum Level 3/2209 clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2210's website, IP address and phone number have been blocked through Foundation protocols. The apartment complex that houses SCP-2210 has been purchased through Foundation front companies, and is to be inhabited specifically by local researchers that are unaware of SCP-2210 (for records of inhabitants, see Document 2210-2).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2211-1, -2 and -3 are kept on separate thumb drives in a standard small item containment locker. Due to space constraints, SCP-2211-4 is currently kept in a separate small item standard containment locker. Permission for testing SCP-2211-1 through -4 can be obtained from the Digital Anomalies Department by any relevant Level 3 personnel and above.
Special Containment Procedures: Should SCP-2213's cover begin to show any structural damage related to stress fracturing, the site director must oversee Operation Mu-4, unsealing the object and replacing the cover.
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance to SCP-2214 is to remain locked at all times. Iron bars are fitted across all windows of SCP-2214 to prevent the entry of foreign objects. Foundation agents are to guard the apartments immediately adjacent, as well as above and below, SCP-2214, under the guise of residents of the building.
Special Containment Procedures: All collected instances of SCP-2215 are to be kept in a secure storage compartment at Site-82's low-risk containment wing.
Special Containment Procedures: As the method of transmission utilized by SCP-2216-1 is not fully understood, Mobile Task Force Iota-7 ("Mavericks") should focus efforts on the identification and recovery of SCP-2216-2 instances. Five (5) instances of SCP-2216-2 are to be kept at Site-19/2216 in separate storage lockers equipped with a Faraday cage to prevent wireless transmission of SCP-2216-1. Additional instances of SCP-2216-2 are to be destroyed at the earliest opportunity by incineration or confined to a Faraday-equipped storage apparatus in cases where incineration is not immediately possible. Due to SCP-2216-1's anomalous effects, visual testing of SCP-2216-2 is to be carried out exclusively by D-Class personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2218 instances are to be contained through the usage of doubly redundant recording devices in a 4 kilometer wide square perimeter (designated as the 2218 Containment Area) around the instance's previously established community boundaries.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2219 is to be kept in a standard containment locker at Site-59. As of 4/29/15, testing of SCP-2219 is to be carried out using a specialized remote analog proxy and a camera on a Game Boy system. Direct human testing is prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2220-1 through -4 were disassembled and transported for reassembly to Site-76. SCP-2220-5 through -24 have been stored at Secure Armaments Wing, Site-76 with detonator assemblies removed pending further testing.
Special Containment Procedures: Websites believed to host instances of SCP-2221 are to be isolated for examination, and civilian users are to be blocked from such websites. A team of C-Class personnel are to maintain an ongoing search for websites and software that require the user to agree to an End User License Agreement, and thoroughly examine all such agreements for signs of SCP-2221.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation operatives embedded within ████ (█████ ████████ █████ █████████████) have been relocated and situated upon Orbital Unit-09 under the guise of qualified station personnel. Personnel consists of four three (3) Foundation operatives preliminarily and extensively trained in aerospace engineering, extravehicular activity, confinement and experimentation/analysis for the sole purpose of SCP-2222's containment. Transmissions originating from ████ are to be intercepted and deterred by Foundation operatives trained in linguistics and vocal interpretations at Command-2.
Special Containment Procedures: All known versions of SCP-2223 are to be stored on an external drive stored in Secure Containment Locker 23C at Site-15. Access to copies of SCP-2223 may be granted for research purposes by one Level 3 researcher. Direct display of versions SCP-2223-5 and later is not permitted, even through previews or thumbnails. SCP-2223 versions are to be handled only through indirect computational analysis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2224 is located in the External Environmental Lab on Site 24. Level 2 security clearance or higher is required to access the object, in addition to permission from Dr. Darritz.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2225 is currently contained in an enclosure on the outside grounds of Area-12. Access to SCP-2225 requires Level-4 authorization, and any personnel entering the enclosure are to be accompanied by a security guard. Should SCP-2225 become violent, it is to be tranquilized immediately and all personnel evacuated from the containment unit. As SCP-2225 is generally docile, care should be taken to avoid provoking or agitating it. Speaking calmly, maintaining eye contact, and waiting for SCP-2225 to approach the speaker on its own have been found to lead to successful interactions.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment is currently limited to suppressing public knowledge of SCP-2227. Any broadcasts related to the entities are to be intercepted, and witnesses are to be administered Class-B amnestics after demanifestation. Agents under the guise of NYPD officers are to be posted in areas where SCP-2227-1 instances are likely to manifest. They are to monitor and document all activities of an SCP-2227-1 instance until it demanifests. Personnel are to refrain from making direct contact with the instance.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-2228 are to be stored in their original packaging inside storage vault 12 at Site 73. Access to SCP-2228 requires level 2 credentials, and any instances of SCP-2228 removed from storage vault 12 for any reason must be logged on Site 73's database.
Special Containment Procedures: All communication with SCP-2229 is to be directed through the Designated Liaison to SCP-2229. The Liaison is to be selected by a special committee of the Department of Antiquities on the basis of fluency in Classical Latin, knowledge of Roman history, and diplomatic experience. While communicating with SCP-2229, the Liaison must consistently assume the identity of a Roman emperor. Biannually, the Liaison must present a selection of goods1 to SCP-2229 as tribute. Although SCP-2229 has promised to solely communicate with the Liaison, reports from psychiatric hospitals in the city of Rome are to be continuously monitored for instances of communication between SCP-2229 and other individuals.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2230 is to be housed within a standard humanoid containment unit. SCP-2230 is to be provided with adequate nutrition three (3) times per day and is allowed access to written media on request, in addition to three (3) hours of Foundation-approved television programming. SCP-2230 is not be given access to any form of electric device or components, or other personnel (see Incident 2230-A). Any media with contents pertaining to medicine, electronics or maintenance must be approved by two assigned Class 3 personnel prior to provision.
Special Containment Procedures: Revision 05/02/2014: SCP-2231-1 through -3 are to be kept on life support in the medical wing of Site 17 for an 180 day observational period. If no change in their condition is recorded the remaining instances of SCP-2231 are to be disconnected from life support and their remains disposed of. SCP-2231 no longer demonstrates any anomalous properties following the expiration of SCP-2231-4
Special Containment Procedures: Each instance of SCP-2232 is to be kept in a standard Safe-class containment locker when not in use. Using SCP-2232 to make calls or send text messages must be done in the presence of a certified bird handler.
Special Containment Procedures: Ten print copies of SCP-2233-1 are to be contained on Site-142. The Site has been designated a paper-media-free zone, and no form of printed media (including books, magazines, and other forms as specified in the SCP-2233-1 Appendix 3) are to be brought within a 1 km radius of any instance of SCP-2233-1 outside of approved testing.
Special Containment Procedures: All Foundation computer equipment is to be kept up-to-date with the most recent security patches. MTF-Rho-9 is to monitor all Foundation networks for SCP-2234 and manage distribution of technical information regarding SCP-2234 to ISPs and network security companies to allow them to detect and thwart the spread of SCP-2234. In particular, any findings regarding SCP-2234 should be reported to antivirus software companies so they can add measures to prevent it to their software.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2236 is to be stored in its pouch (pictured) when not in use. The pouch containing SCP-2236 is to be stored in an airtight humidity-controlled and temperature-controlled case. To prevent security breaches, use of SCP-2236 must be approved by the administrator of Site 32.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation personnel are to monitor all local television broadcasts at all times. If an SCP-2238-A instance is reported to have occurred, Foundation personnel are to record said instance for the purpose of record keeping. Additionally, all civilians involved1 will be detained by Foundation personnel and released if they are found to have no involvement with the SCP-2238 phenomenon and are to undergo Class-A amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2239 is contained at Site-17, in an aviary outfitted with an artificial pond. Access to SCP-2239 for experimentation requires Level-3 authorization; personnel entering the enclosure are to be accompanied by an agent for observation. All morphological variations exhibited by SCP-2239 must be documented and SCP-2239’s diet adjusted accordingly.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2240-1 is currently held within a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-17. SCP-2240-1's cell requires no unusual furnishings beyond the basic requirements for non-anomalous human habitation, though a bed of at least North American Queen size has been shown to be effective at discouraging aggressive actions on the part of SCP-2240-2, and is currently installed as an incentive for further cooperation on the part of SCP-2240-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2241 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell. SCP-2241 is to be allowed access to television and comic books and may be denied access to said items as punishment, if required. SCP-2241 maintains a normal human diet but should be given additional food post-testing if requested. As SCP-2241's co-operation is considered essential to long term containment, personnel are to call SCP-2241 by its given name, "Cameron", when speaking to or nearby it.
Special Containment Procedures: Refinement of the next iteration of FOS1 is currently in the final stages of testing before full-scale rollout to all Foundation servers, workstations, and mobile devices. Confirmation that SCP-2242 has not migrated is still pending final determination by Technical Researcher David Rosen.1
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2243 is to be kept in a 33x50x63 cm enclosure. The enclosure must contain no fewer than two containers containing a seed mixture with nutrient levels suitable for Lonchura striata domestica, 2 water containers and, at the request of SCP-2243-B, at least one water container must be large enough for "splashy time".
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2245-1 is to be held in a standard biological containment cell at Site 66. SCP-2245-1's cage should be cleaned of hair and any waste matter twice weekly. SCP-2245-1 should be provided with fresh water daily. Enrichment items (e.g. colorful balls, rings) are to be placed in SCP-2245-1's cell to promote activity and alleviate boredom. SCP-2245-1 is to be inspected by Foundation veterinarians twice a month.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2246 are kept in Site-17's anomalous text catalog. It is to be checked once a day for any changes in length or number of volumes. Weekly psychiatric interviews are scheduled with SCP-2246-1 to monitor its mental health.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2247 is to be held at a modified humanoid containment cell at Site-17, with soundproof walls. While outside its cell, SCP-2247 is to be muzzled. Personnel handling SCP-2247 are to don sound-cancelling headphones, and (preferably) have limited to no comprehension of the Spanish language.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its fixed location, Reliquary and Bio-Research Site-369 is to be established around SCP-2248. Site-369 is to be publicly recognised as a Croatian naval base.
Special Containment Procedures: An exclusion zone with a 10 km radius (Referred to as the "Green Zone" from 10 km to 7 km) must be maintained at all times around SCP-2249. Signs warning of extreme radiation contamination along the border of the excursion zone work to deter entry by civilians, however MTF Sigma-19 ("Park Rangers") is stationed at Outpost 16-2249 and polices the borders. Within 10 km and 7 km of the radius, any entrant may be removed without repercussion beyond a mandatory viewing of a safety video on the dangers of radiation.
Special Containment Procedures: As no viable method for permanent containment of SCP-2250 has been found, efforts are to be made to keep susceptible species of waterfowl out of a 5 km radius centered on Bloch Park in Selma, AL.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2251 is to be held in a containment vault on floor 13 of Site-88. Under no circumstances are video files associated with SCP-2251 to be copied to any non-air-gapped computers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2252 is located on the lawn of a rural two-story house. This house, currently under Foundation ownership, is to be occupied by three assigned Foundation agents who will be tasked with deterring or subduing any unauthorized persons found on the property. A shed has been constructed surrounding SCP-2252 to prevent accidental public exposure and is to remain padlocked except during active testing.
Special Containment Procedures: The building exhibiting the SCP-2253 phenomenon has been converted to a Foundation research site. SCP-2253 is legally a brewery which is also a Foundation front organization, with the brewers being given Level 2 security clearance. An underground research laboratory has been constructed under SCP-2253 studying samples of alcoholic beverages previously created within SCP-2253. Any anomalous beverages produced by SCP-2253 are to be stored within Site-77.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2255’s current residence is a Foundation-owned island north of the Phoenix Islands group in the Pacific Ocean. A research base has been established on the island’s south shore to monitor and report on SCP-2255’s activity. At least one Level-3 and three Level-2 personnel are to occupy the base at all times and maintain communication with the nearest Foundation containment site. All research staff assigned to SCP-2255 must have background in biology (if possible, botany specifically) or psychology.
Special Containment Procedures: Information about SCP-2256 is subject to a gradual antimemetic corrosion effect. Corrosion occurs at differing rates depending on the level of detail/accuracy in the information and the physical complexity of the storage medium. In-depth academic papers, photographs, and information stored electronically decay rapidly; broad descriptions, pencil sketches and paperwork decay slowly.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2257 currently belongs to the Foundation, under a constructed identity. In order to maintain a perimeter, a fence is installed around most of the property, and a security team is posted in the residence directly across the road. The lawn is to be mowed once a week, and the lights set on a timer to turn on and off at appropriate times to give the appearance of occupancy.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2258 must be kept in a containment cell with a padded ceiling, floor and walls. No sharp objects are to be taken into its containment cell.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2259 is to be kept maintained with charcoal filters and fluorescent lights replaced as necessary. The tank will be cleaned carefully to avoid damage to specimens inside. Twice daily fish food will be sprinkled onto the surface of the water.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2260 is contained in Locker 43, located inside the storage room in Area-35. Any personnel wishing to use SCP-2260 for any purpose must fill out the mandatory SCP-2260 paperwork. The paperwork must detail location of choice, time wishing to be spent there, and activities performed at said location and submit the paperwork to Dr. Matthews. He will approve or deny the request to use SCP-2260. All entries into SCP-2260 must be monitored by at least two security personnel, and any deviation from approved entries will be met with immediate termination.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2262 is stored in a standard storage locker at Site-73. Any access to SCP-2262 will only be approved following submission of stated research aims, and all researchers must complete Questionnaire SCP-2262-A and score less than 25% beforehand. Any anomalous behaviour will result in psychological evaluation or administration of amnestics, at the approving staff member’s discretion. The attached photo may be observed freely, as no cognitohazardous or related effects have been reported or observed from viewing of the image.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2263 is to be kept in standard safe object storage at Site-63 with the exception of SCP-2263-34, which is to be kept in highly explosive materials storage and SCP-2263-62, which is to be kept in radioactive materials storage. Due to potential as of yet undiscovered dangers, no experimentation is to be done on any instance of SCP-2263 without express permission from Site-63 administration.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the unavoidably public nature of the building housing SCP-2264-A, security measures are to focus on preventing civilian access to the anomaly's entrance. The Foundation is to cooperate with the government of the United Kingdom in concealing the existence of SCP-2264-A. A hidden passage to SCP-2264-A has been constructed and remains its only means of access. The original entrance to the room where SCP-2264-A is located has been walled over, ensuring that only authorized personnel have access to SCP-2264-A. Operatives are to be reassigned and replaced monthly due to the threat of psychological addiction to SCP-2264-B.
Special Containment Procedures: As of 24 Oct 2011, SCP-2265 is considered neutralized. The former containment area of SCP-2265 has been deemed free of anomalous activity, and has been approved to be renovated and sold to private investors by Simon & Chesterson Properties, a Foundation front. Masahiro Goto and Andrew Verit (formerly SCP-2265-A and SCP-2265-B) are currently being held in the low security humanoid containment wing of Site 68; their possible release is being reviewed by the Ethics Committee.
Special Containment Procedures: Automated crawlers programmed by a Foundation personnel are to be utilized in the event of new instances of SCP-2267. Existing instances are to be downloaded into an encrypted Foundation network for study and subsequently removed from public view. Personnel are to update crawler search protocols weekly.
Special Containment Procedures: All current and upcoming antivirus softwares are to contain a patch redirecting users away from SCP-2268 by claiming that the website has been infected with a virus. Periodic checks are to be made to ensure that the website remains contained. In addition, Foundation webcrawlers are to ensure that no additional domains contain the anomalous program. Due to safety concerns, all pages and subject matter must be approved by a Level 3 researcher before testing with D-class personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2269 is housed in a humanoid containment suite at Site-17 that has been modified with hermetic seals and filters designed to prevent the escape of any instances of SCP-2269-2.
Special Containment Procedures: Written or electronic information pertaining to SCP-2270 or the incantations relating to SCP-2270 (specifically instances of SCP-2270-A) is to be strictly controlled, and all original documents kept in a high security storage locker at Site-81. Under no circumstances are unauthorized personnel to access or view the aforementioned documents.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2271 is unable to be directly contained. Current indirect containment efforts focus on mitigating damage caused by SCP-2271 to affected individuals and communities. Foundation Task Force Mu-14 "Forgive and Forget" is currently spearheading efforts to contain SCP-2271.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation contacts within Major League Baseball will work to replace the Pensacola Blue Wahoos’ general manager with Agent Rob Potsdam of Local Mobile Task Force 352-Dalet (“Dixieland Nightmare Magic”). Upon appointment as general manager, Agent Potsdam will trade Ellis Canastota to a Foundation-controlled summer league team in St. Petersburg, Fla., at which point containment procedures will be further revised. Following Incident 2272-Domino (see Addendum II below), SCP-2272 is to be monitored for anomalous activity outside its known effects, and officials in the Cincinnati Reds franchise will be advised to retain Ellis Canastota at the Double-A level or below.1 At least one member of Local Mobile Task Forces in the region of Pensacola Blue Wahoos away games at which Ellis Canastota is scheduled to start shall attend. Regional Command will revise containment procedures if new information or activity is demonstrated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2273 is to be contained in an M-SHACC1 with furniture that can accommodate SCP-2273's weight and size. Additionally, the containment cell and adjacent observation/interview room must act as a Faraday cage. Standard quality-of-life considerations apply. SCP-2273 requires approximately 8,000 calories per day in order to remain healthy; standard human rations in quantities large enough to facilitate this are acceptable. The Site-17 humanoid anomaly psychologist is to interview SCP-2273 weekly, to ensure continued mental health of the subject while obtaining knowledge of SCP-2273's original timeline. SCP-2273 is a ECT2 B sapient anomaly and is granted limited access to literature and musical media that may be revoked at any time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2274 is to be kept within its box in Standard Secure Locker #56. Under no circumstances should any personnel directly view SCP-2274. No testing is permitted at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-67 is to maintain a cover organization (see Asset File FO-4228/19/67/78, "Združenje Zbiralcev Znamk Vzhodne Slovenije") dedicated to covertly identifying philatelists of Slovenia and surrounding regions. Individuals flagged for heightened probability of contact by SCP-2275 are subject to interception of all postal mail for monitoring.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2276 instances are to be reprogrammed with modified software as they are discovered, to prevent transmission conflicts with other instances and reduce their radio-frequency footprint. See Document 2276-W for details.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: A false construction project has been set up around SCP-2279 to prevent civilians from entering the structure. The interior of the anomaly is to be monitored via surveillance cameras.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2280 is kept in a dedicated paddock measuring 1 km² in area at Biological Research Area-12, surrounded by a 10 m buffer zone. This paddock is fenced in by 4 m tall reinforced concrete walls with infrared cameras mounted every 10 m along the periphery. Automatic watering and supplemental feed troughs are provided for the use of SCP-2280. All other care needs, including veterinary care, are to be handled via telepresence robots.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2281 has been disengaged from the rest of the Interstate Highway System through a Foundation-instigated landslide. U.S. Route 50 has been rerouted roughly 10 kilometers north of SCP-2281.
Special Containment Procedures: (Former. SCP-2282 is now deceased.) SCP-2282 is to be kept under the care of the Area-12 Parazoology Department in an outdoor enclosure. SCP-2282 should never come closer than a distance of one hundred meters (100 m) to any structure or tree. SCP-2282 is to have appropriate maintenance for a domestic goat.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-2283 found in the field are to be disarmed by Class D resources possessing military or law enforcement equivalent certifications in Explosive Ordnance Disposal. Under no circumstances are Foundation personnel permitted to approach an instance of SCP-2283 presumed or suspected of possessing a live payload.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2284 is to be held within a standard humanoid containment chamber within Hall ██ of Site-██. Only D-Class personnel are to communicate with SCP-2284.
Special Containment Procedures: The components of SCP-2286 can be stored in standard Safe-class item storage lockers when not being tested. Due to the range of their anomalous effects, active testing must be conducted off-site; consult Document 2286-9 for a list of approved testing locations.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2287 is to be contained in Hall ██ of Site ██. Except for during authorized testing, SCP-2287's mask is not to be removed. SCP-2287 does not require food, but can be provided with incense on its request, contingent on good behavior. Literature provided to SCP-2287 is to be converted into Braille.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2289-1 through 7 are to be kept under full bio-containment protocol at Site-66. The facilities must include a litterbox and a minimum of ten sheltered bedding locations, each 1 m x 1 m x 50 cm, for SCP-2289-1 through 5; a perch, cuttlebone, and nesting location in the upper half of the containment structure for SCP-2289-6; and a separate room within bio-containment with a closing door, bed, desk, lamp, toilet, and change of clothes for SCP-2289-7.
Special Containment Procedures: An area covering approximately 1 km² around SCP-2290's primary area of effect is to be isolated from unnecessary traffic. If an individual witnesses any anomalous behavior or physical conflicts between SCP-2290-1 instances, they are to be restricted from exiting SCP-2290's area of effect until the 0500 reset event.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2291 is stored in Anomalous Item Locker ECD-2291 in Site 19. As direct physical contact with SCP-2291 is prohibited, only D-Class personnel are authorized to move the item. Research involving SCP-2291 is prohibited without the express permission of Dr. Mbeke or Site-19’s senior administrative staff. Individuals that touch SCP-2291 directly are to be designated SCP-2291-A, administered a Class B amnestic, and placed into confinement for 3 months or until cleared by a supermajority of Site-19's psychiatric panel. Individuals that still show symptoms after this period are to be terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2292 is to be kept within a medium animal containment cell large artificial containment enclosure at Sector 21-A of Biological Containment Site-66. The containment enclosure must resemble the mountain rainforest environments of Central Africa and include trees, a stream, temperature control, artificial wind, and audio broadcasts of realistic environmental sounds as per recent Ethics Committee guidelines. SCP-2292 does not require sustenance but may be provided with fruit for cooperative behavior.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment is focused on seizing and destroying instances of SCP-2293 and all evidence thereof. Manifestation of SCP-2293-affected media to a large viewing audience are to be given standard cover stories, and at the head researcher's discretion, amnestics are to be distributed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2295 is to be kept in a standard containment locker within Storage Wing-25 in Site-37.
Special Containment Procedures: The containment protocol for SCP-2296 is focused on minimising the chance of civilian discovery, and consists of three main strands.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2297 is to be magnetically suspended in a Safe-Class storage locker that is not parallel or perpendicular to the floor of the room in which the storage locker is kept. This storage locker must be assessed for damages once every 24 hours. If the Safe-Class storage locker has been rendered inoperable and/or unsuited for the containment of SCP-2297, an on-site supervisor must be notified immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: The shed housing SCP-2298 is to be relocated to Site-162's Euclid Wing. The containment chamber is to be monitored via security cameras and motion detectors which, when triggered, will automatically set off a medium threat level alarm. Motion detectors must be turned off remotely prior to entering the containment chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2300 instances are currently individually contained within specially-designed containment units within Site ██. Containment units must not match the composition of the SCP-2300 instance they contain and must be resistant to damage caused by the contained instance's three states of matter. Radioactive instances of SCP-2300 are to be placed in a separate containment area with appropriate shielding. At no point should any instance of SCP-2300 and SCP-2046 be kept within the same facility.
Special Containment Procedures: Provisional Containment Zone Delta-3 has been constructed surrounding SCP-2301’s manifestation area. At any given time, no fewer than 2 containment teams (designated Alpha and Beta) must be present, with a third relief team on active standby.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2302 has been detached from the ceiling, and stored in a low-value containment safe, equipped with surge-protected audio inputs, at Site-54 storage. Before any interviews begin, the safe is to be moved to a small containment chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-885 has been established in proximity to SCP-2303. Foundation activities in the vicinity of the anomaly are to be presented to potential observers as a long-term architectural engineering study. Due to the lack of permanent residents in the area of SCP-2303, Minimum Security Perimeter protocols are in effect.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2305 is to be contained in a standard high-value storage locker in Site 68. Once weekly, a Foundation researcher is to record the SCP-2305-A instance currently displayed, and archive it onto a secure Foundation server. SCP-2305-A neutralization methods are not to be attempted without the approval of a member of the O5 Council.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2306 is to be kept within a high security electronics storage container within the storage wing of Site-64. All computers used to host SCP-2306-1 are to be isolated from internet and site intranet sources.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2307-01 is to be stored in a medium-sized (35 liter) aquarium tank filled with water taken from either Dozmary Pool or Llyn Ogwen1, which is to be inspected weekly for flaws in the tank. Secondary and tertiary tanks are to be kept to store SCP-2307-01 during primary tank maintenance.
Special Containment Procedures: N/A
Special Containment Procedures: In order to prevent unauthorized access, the area surrounding SCP-2309 has been enclosed by a chain-link fence and given the public designation of a proving ground used by the Georgian Land Forces. A team of observers is to be stationed at SCP-2309 at all times to regularly report on the structural condition of SCP-2309. Any breach in SCP-2309 is to be reported immediately and considered a potential SK-Class dominance shift scenario. Upon receiving such a report, Foundation military assets stationed in the Middle East are to be activated and deployed according to Contingency Plan-2309, to assess the situation, and, if applicable, engage any hostile forces that appear.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of 2310-A are to be housed in four replicas of SCP-2310, to encourage their cooperation. The perimeter of their housing complex is to be placed under guard, but subjects are to have freedom of movement within the complex.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2311 is to be contained at the site of its discovery, the basement of a residential building in Rochester, New York. This residence is designated Temporary Satellite Site 14, with the basement acting as SCP-2311's cell until suitable long-term containment can be achieved. Temporary Sat-Site 14 is to be staffed at all times by no less than three Foundation operatives posing as tenants under standard "Plain Sight" cover protocols, with preference given to personnel who have survived at least one reality restructuring event. A designated developmental psychologist must conduct biweekly sessions with SCP-2311 in order to discourage breach attempts.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Tau-20 ("Turkish Recon") is tasked with identifying SCP-2312 instances. Areas with identified SCP-2312 instances are to be cordoned off under the pretence of a Cyprus Turkish Peace Force Command training area. In cooperation with the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus' (TRNC)1 government, appropriate counter-Extranormal Events measures are to be enacted against all 2312-Eris Events.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2313-1 instances are to be contained in secured individual cells. Unless approved by the SCP-2313 project director for testing purposes, direct physical contact with SCP-2313-1 instances is prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: All SCP-2314 specimens are to be kept in a dormant state in Level 4 Biological Hazard Cryogenic units at Biological Research Site-129. All specimens and infested hosts are to be handled exclusively by personnel wearing Level B hazmat suits, and all personnel involved in the handling of SCP-2314 are to be scanned by MRI for possible infestation both before and after testing procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2315 is kept in a standard containment locker at Site-17. Personnel are advised never to answer SCP-2315 except as required for testing. All calls received by SCP-2315 must be logged and reported to MTF Upsilon-3 ("The Phone Company") immediately for an attempt to trace the call. All personnel who report a call must also report their age, location of their mother, and status of relations with her.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2317 is to be secured at Containment Area-179 in a reinforced 3m x 3m x 3m containment chamber. Armed guards are to be in place at all times in order to prevent unauthorized access to the facility.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2318 is to be kept in an ordinary glass golf ball display case within Site-17's Secure Item Storage Unit at all times. A site member assigned to SCP-2318 is to check on the object once every 24 hours. If SCP-2318 is not located in its display case, Senior Researchers Dunleavy and McLaren are to be notified immediately for location and retrieval.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its depth, and historical lack of governmental or commercial interest in its location, SCP-2319's containment is considered de facto. In order to maintain this in perpetuity, an international cordon has been established around SCP-2319.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2321 is kept in Storage Site 145. Personnel wishing to assist in study may do so with level 4 authorization.
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance to SCP-2322 is to be locked and kept under guard at all times. It is to be labeled as a high-security records room, and all research materials are to be stored next door. SCP-2322 is located across from the former Director's office for Site-77.
Special Containment Procedures: At least one healthy mated pair of SCP-2323-A must be contained. Free-flight hunting and live feeding is required for continued maintenance of SCP-2323. Standard outdoor netted aviary enclosure (including mews) is sufficient for containment. Use standard avian cages to house SCP-2323-A specimens as required for enclosure maintenance, veterinary care, inclement weather, transport, or research. The enclosed grounds must include a variety of insect-pollinated flowering plants. Enclosure must include a minimum of 1 m barbed wire (with a metallic iron content of 90% or greater) per adult SCP-2323-A, strung and elevated 1-3 m above ground (with 0.25 meters minimum spacing between strands).
Special Containment Procedures: A single living specimen of SCP-2324-A, hereafter SCP-2324-A-11, is to be kept in a high security containment vault at Site-58. All other instances of SCP-2324-A are to be destroyed upon discovery. Site-58 has been equipped with optima-class insecticide dispensers to be used in the event of a containment breach. All crucial personnel at Site-58 are required to receive optima immunization at a separate site - no optima vaccine is to be present at Site-58. If deployment of optima gas proves ineffective to re-contain SCP-2324-A-1, the site's 5-megaton incendiary charges are to be activated.
Special Containment Procedures: All ten nine eight seven instances of SCP-2325-1 should remain inside a class 2 sensitive electronics case in a standard storage locker at Site 13 when not being utilized for testing. SCP-2325-2 should be stored in a hat box, lined with class 2 electromagnetic shielding, in a separate locker no further than 3 meters away. Under no circumstances, including testing, should instances of SCP-2325-1 be moved more than 500 meters away from SCP-2325-2.
Special Containment Procedures: The source of SCP-2326-1 instances is currently unknown. Removal of the source of instances of SCP-2326-1 is ongoing. Containment currently focuses on eliminating SCP-2326-1 instances in 2326-Tango events. Detachments of interceptor aircraft in squadron strength as well as ground and air search radars sited at Sites 7, 18, 24, and GOC sites listed in Joint Document 2326-776 will attempt to detect and intercept SCP-2326-1 instances whenever 2326-Tango events occur. Additional undercover detachments in the armed forces of NATO and former Warsaw Pact members are tasked with masking SCP-2326-1 instances from air-search radars or otherwise establishing them as nonexistent contacts. Ideally, 2326-Tango events should be classified as scheduled large aircraft flights or coincide with planned monitoring downtime for maintenance or testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2327 are to be kept in a woodland habitat in Bio-Site-34 and provided with food as specified by the chief zoologist assigned to SCP-2327, currently Ms E. Potter.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2328 is to be contained at its initial discovery site, and is not to be removed from the premises unless its neutralization is required. A four-person security team is to remain on the premises at all times and prevent any and all civilians from entering the containment site. All personnel are to wear biohazard protection suits at all times when on the premises of SCP-2328's containment site.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2329 is to be contained in Provisional Site 27-2329; when not in testing all entrances to SCP-2329, including windows, must be securely blocked with solid metal plating. Several city blocks around SCP-2329 have been purchased by the Foundation and a security system (consisting of multiple points of surveillance and neutralization of intruders) should be maintained in this perimeter.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2330 is to be hung on the wall of a modified standard containment cell, separated from the rest of Site-██ by an airlock consisting of an additional chamber and set of doors. The two sets of doors are to never both be open at any one time in order to prevent accidental viewing of SCP-2330 from outside the containment cell. No writing utensils or materials are to be brought into SCP-2330's containment cell, excluding a single writing utensil when required for testing. SCP-2330's front surface is to be monitored at all times by a surveillance camera viewed by a dedicated 3-member security team stationed in a sealed, soundproof security office in the ████ wing of Site-██.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2331 is currently being tracked by both Mobile Task Force Kappa-Theta ("Get Lucky") and Research Team Theta-Theta ("Afterparty"). When an iteration of SCP-2331-P is confirmed, Mobile Task Force Kappa-Theta are to enter SCP-2331-P in an attempt to capture SCP-2331. Research Team Theta-Theta is currently working on a way to predict SCP-2331-P iterations. Amnestics are to be distributed to all participants of SCP-2331-P iterations.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2332 is to be contained in a repurposed dimensional testing room on Site-19’s Research Floor 2 (the location of initial manifestation). The room’s ultraviolet light tubes are to be remotely switched on every 12 hours for a period of 5 minutes; no personnel are to enter the room at this time. Security personnel assigned to nearby areas are to carry at least one blue laser pointer at all times. A box of spare blue laser pointers is to be kept inside the containment room.
Special Containment Procedures: Currently, 15 samples of SCP-2333 are stored in Bio-Research Site 101. SCP-2333 must be contained under Biosafety Level 2 precautions. Minimal isolation is necessary for infected individuals. In the event of a breach, all on site personnel are to be screened for infection, with infected subjects isolated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2334 is contained on site at its location in Utah. Although potentially hazardous records remain in the facility, Level 3 researchers may enter to study catalogued records with proper authorization from their supervisors.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2335 is to be stored in a medium-security locker in Media storage unit 19D. As a precaution to preserve the disk's functionality, SCP-2335 is not to be handled without gloves. SCP-2335 is not to be removed from its casing unless considered necessary for authorized testing.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation maintains a network of observation satellites to monitor and report the emergence of any Howard-Stross gateways that are formed other than through normal Foundation activities. If such a gateway is formed, Mobile Task Force Tau-16 is to be dispatched. Consult document 2336-N for details of engagement protocol for the Type I and Type II entities that typically arrive through such a gateway.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2337 is to be kept in a standard avian habitat cell with soundproofing. Personnel are required to wear level 3B 5A 7A 26M ear protection while handling SCP-2337. Transportation for SCP-2337 is to be carried out using a portable soundproof crate.
Special Containment Procedures: All SCP-2338 instances are contained in the low security dorm of Site 19's E-Block. Instances of SCP-2338 are to be kept to a regular daily schedule mimicking that of non-anomalous children, with education in accordance with standard Foundation curriculum for child humanoid anomalies. Requests for toys, games and accessories are to be provided at the discretion of the dorm supervisor. Dorm supervisor is to organise for checkups on each instance with the site paediatrician not less than once every two months.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its size and fragility, SCP-2339-1 is to be kept within the original site of its discovery, which has been refurbished and designated Provisional Site-124. Weekly, the main auditorium is to be provided with the appropriate instruments and equipment of a modern philharmonic orchestra, and SCP-2339-2 allowed to perform. SCP-2339-2 are to be provided with a constant supply of nectar. All personnel entering the containment room must wear full bee-keeping gear, and at least one professional Foundation apiarist must be present on the site at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Volcanoes are to be monitored for increased activity, which may signify an emergence event. If possible, seismological monitoring stations are to track SCP-2340 instances at risk of emergence. Civilians are to be notified that the containment areas are subject to frequent seismic and volcanic activity, and thus is off limits. Civilian reports of SCP-2340 are to be dismissed as rock slides caused by tremors. Personnel interacting with SCP-2340 are to wear standard foundation heat resistant gear. Approximately 16 hours after a SCP-2340 instance emerges, members of Mobile Task force Epsilon-9 (Fire Eaters) are to remove SCP 2340-A from SCP-2340 by spraying the body with water cooler than 20 degrees Celsius and cutting out SCP-2340-A.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2341 and the surrounding terrain are to be constantly monitored by Site-48 extension Security Post-2341. Any non-Foundation personnel attempting to enter SCP-2341's containment area are to be detained and reported. Any spontaneous anomalous activity from SCP-2341 is to be logged. Mobile Task Force Zeta-7 (“Homestead”) are to keep non-Foundation personnel from traveling to SCP-2341. The containment area is to be surrounded by an electric fence.
Special Containment Procedures:3
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2343 is to be housed in a modified humanoid containment cell at Site-88. SCP-2343's containment cell is to utilize 7 active Scranton Reality Anchors with overlapping areas of effect, along with 4 Non-Physical Displacement Neutralizers. These devices are to utilize triply redundant power backups.
Special Containment Procedures: Provisional Site-93 has been constructed for the containment of SCP-2344. Unless otherwise ordered, Site-93 security is to maintain Standard Type C Anomalous Location Containment Procedures. Exploration of the interior of SCP-2344 is to be carried out by MTF Eta-13 ("Gulliver's Tourists"). Any objects or entities exiting SCP-2344 unexpectedly are to be detained and quarantined until their capabilities and intentions are established. Interaction between Site-93 and SCP-2344 Outposts are to be managed at the discretion of the command of both Sites.
Special Containment Procedures: One dose of Solution Omicron-12 is to be administered intravenously to all incoming Foundation personnel. Persons exhibiting SCP-2345 symptoms are not to be engaged in conversation, and are to be gagged or isolated as soon as possible, for a period of twelve hours. Personnel security clearance level 4 and above still symptomatic after twelve hours are to have Solution Omicron-12 administered as per entrance policy and isolated for 12 hours. Personnel SCL 3 and below still symptomatic after twelve hours must undergo amnestic treatment and are to be retired from active duty immediately. Exit counseling and establishment of military or government employment records and assets of retired personnel is recommended to minimize cognitive dissonance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2347 is kept in a Standard Humanoid Containment Cell, which is to be kept at 50-55 ºC at all times. All interactions with SCP-2347 are to be performed by telepresence robots and there is a 10 meter buffer zone surrounding the containment cell, which must be kept free of any warm-blooded animal life outside of testing procedures. SCP-2347 is not allowed any food, drink, or hygiene substances less than 45 ºC in temperature.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation satellites and surface monitoring outposts in the surrounding region will continually monitor SCP-2348. Changes in the anomaly's structure and signs of movement must be reported immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: A colony of SCP-2349 is kept in an artificial habitat in Site-86. The room housing this habitat is placed within one Faraday cage. Entrance to the habitat requires written consent of one (1) Level-3 Researcher. No metal objects are to be introduced to the habitat outside of regular feeding, including watches or other accessories. The SCP-2349 colony is to be fed 6kg of Iron and aluminum scrap and .5kg of insects killed without the use of pesticides, bimonthly. All instances of SCP-2349-1 are to be removed and destroyed regardless of stage if not allowed for testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: A recording of SCP-2350 is stored on a secure USB drive in the Site-42 Digital Armory. This drive should only be handled by deaf personnel or personnel wearing industrial-grade earmuffs and earplugs.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2351 is to be contained within a shared enclosure at Bio-Research Area 32. Instances are to have their flight feathers annually clipped to ensure inability to fly. Apart from this, SCP-2351 instances require no containment procedures. For instructions regarding routine care, see Document-2351-D.
Special Containment Procedures: As of 07/18/15, SCP-2352 broadcasts have ceased, and the channel SimonM34 has been deleted. SCP-2352-1 was transferred to its original burial site 06/17/17; surveillance of SCP-2352-1's surviving relatives is to continue until 09/07/20. SB985R is to be modified to scan for keywords pertaining to SCP-2352-2's characteristics indefinitely.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2353 has been contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber and does not require any nutrition plan. All personnel in SCP-2353's presence are forbidden from wearing inappropriate garments, footwear and accessories. The list of inappropriate clothing is fully detailed in Document-2353 but includes the following:
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2354 are to be located and rendered inaccessible. This effort is to be headed by Mobile Task Force Pi-7 ("Button Pushers"), with assistance from other task forces involved with building-based anomalies if deemed necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Recovered instances of SCP-2355 are to be stored in Containment Area 8, site ██. Security personnel who are expecting offspring, or those with offspring born within the last year, are not to be detailed to SCP-2355.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2356 is contained in a standard containment locker at Site-17's high-security Safe-class items wing. Access to SCP-2356 requires Level-3 clearance and authorization from SCP-2356's current case manager.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to their self-censoring nature and the current limitations on moving them, SCP-2358 instances are to remain at their current locations. Mobile Task Force Epsilon-7 ("Forget-Me-Nots") is to continuously monitor and disrupt civilian development of mnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2360 instances are to be contained in cells shielded with a Faraday cage. Its containment site must be equipped with an EM interference generator in case of cage failure. Augmentations may be serviced by qualified personnel upon request.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its nature, it is currently infeasible to detect all manifestations of SCP-2361. Worldwide medical records shall be monitored for fatalities consistent with SCP-2361's effects. Medical personnel directly witnessing the effects must be administered Class-C amnestics; the victim's death should be explained as the result of a stroke. When necessary, X-rays and other documentation are to be explained as hoaxes.
Special Containment Procedures: Public knowledge of SCP-2362 in its current state is to be suppressed by any means necessary. Interception and suppression of astronomical data indicating the current state of SCP-2362, the organic composition of SCP-2362, or the existence of SCP-2362-1 is conducted by Mobile Task Force Omicron-12 (“Planet Killers”). MTF Omicron-12 is also tasked with fabricating astronomical data in order to decrease public interest in SCP-2362.
Special Containment Procedures: Area-63 has been established to contain SCP-2363, and is surrounded by a 4 meter tall barbed wire fence. The perimeter is to be patrolled and monitored by onsite armed personnel. Any damage to the fence is to be reported immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2364 is to be kept in a secure storage locker on Site-19 on top of a pressure sensor, with tracking devices secured to it and completely covered by a cloth drape. To date, SCP-2364 has not breached containment. SCP-2364 should not be directly observed by Foundation personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Reports of SCP-2365 are to be investigated and data analysed for evidence of connections or common factors between victims. Survivors of SCP-2365 and witnesses are to be interviewed, tested and amnesticized. Foundation front companies are to conduct "sleep studies" in an attempt to observe and document SCP-2365.
Special Containment Procedures: Area 2366 is to be surrounded by a security fence, and subjected to regular herbicide treatment. Mobile Task Force Theta-4 ("Gardeners") is to maintain a cover story for containment (premised on a variant of Dutch Elm disease), and to observe the local Mennonite community for anomalous behaviour.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2367 is contained on-site in a hangar constructed around it, with Level 5 security measures in place. A cover story of a high-security German military base is in effect. As of ██/██/████, testing is prohibited until Event 2367-Sigma occurs.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2368 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell in an isolated wing of Site-06. SCP-2368 is to be informed that current containment represents a continuation of her incarceration in the British prison system.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2369 and both neighboring residences have been purchased by the Foundation for the purpose of on-site containment. All unauthorized individuals attempting to enter the premises are to be detained, questioned, and administered a Class A amnestic if deemed necessary by on-site security personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2370 is to be contained in a Standard Type-B Humanoid Cell and a body temperature sensor configured to alert security should SCP-2370 attempt to use its anomalous ability to breach containment. If SCP-2370's body temperature rises above 39.5ºC, SCP-2370 should immediately be sedated and treated for symptoms of hyperthermia. Following testing, it is assumed that at some point in the future, SCP-2370 will disappear in order to courier the requested item to its past self: this should be treated as normal, as SCP-2370 will return to containment some time later.
Special Containment Procedures: All information and physical locations associated with the SCP-2371 phenomenon are to be secured under Level 5 Security Protocols. Testing Chamber 14 of the Site-43 Spatial Anomalies Wing must be checked for manifestation of SCP-2371-1 instances daily. The SCP-2371 Project Lead must be prepared to author communiques to SCP-2371-3 or delegate this responsibility to personnel they deem qualified at their discretion. Communiques with SCP-2371-3 must be written with the intention of maintaining amiable interactions with the entity and placed within Testing Chamber 14 of the Spatial Anomaly Wing of Site-43 within 48 hours of manifestation of SCP-2371-1 instances. Inclusion of blueprints of selected non-anomalous technologies may be included with communiques at the Site Director's discretion. Copies of these communiques must be archived.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2372 is to be kept in a cryonic containment unit at Site-168. The temperature of the containment unit is to be maintained within a range between 2 ºC to 4 ºC. SCP-2372-A's requests for its detachment from SCP-2372 are to be denied. SCP-2372-A is to be told that it will be slated for experiments to detach it from SCP-2372 in exchange for its cooperation in translating for SCP-2372.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2373 is currently contained within a Class-A containment chamber at Site-19, separated from Hallway 284 by an airlock. The doors leading into the chamber are only to be opened consecutively upon entry. No fewer than two non-D-Class personnel are to enter SCP-2373's containment chamber. D-Class personnel are to enter the containment chamber alone.
Special Containment Procedures: Each instance of SCP-2374-A is to be stored in a separate 3x3x3 cubic metre subterranean containment unit. Individual containment units are to be modified to temporarily drain excess liquid to an adjacent reservoir before being cycled back into the containment unit. Containment units must be capable of withstanding positive fluid pressures of up to 50kPa. A pair of closed-circuit cameras sealed so as to protect components from water damage is to be installed within each containment unit for ongoing observation.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the widespread nature of SCP-2375, permanent containment is currently not feasible. Instead, Mobile Task Force Zeta-28 ("Army of Darkness") has been created for the sole purpose of identifying and terminating active colonies of instances of SCP-2375-1, as well as working to prevent activities that would result in the spread of SCP-2375.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2376-1 instances are to be fed using an automated feeding system. They are to be examined once every eight hours by medical staff, and the discomfort resulting from their infections is to be alleviated as much as possible. SCP-2376-1 instances are not to be made aware of the anomalous properties of SCP-2376. In order to allow communication between SCP-2376-1 instances and personnel, a text-based communicator suitable for use by persons with severely limited mobility should be provided to each instance of SCP-2376-1. When treating SCP-2376-1 instances, medical staff should close their eyes every 5 minutes and then re-open them, in order to view any messages that may have been written. Under no circumstances are patients to be removed from their rooms or disposed of. Personnel treating SCP-2376-1 are to follow all instructions given to them without fail, and should be frequently reminded that they are treating a human being. All SCP-2376-1 instances, as well as samples of SCP-2376, are located at Site-234. MTF Beta-7 (Maz Hatters) are to check for instances of SCP-2376-1 in hospitals located in infected areas.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment Site 2377 has been constructed around SCP-2377-1's location. Manipulation of local economic infrastructure has been implemented to reduce residential and industrial population density in the immediate area of Containment Site 2377. Following the events documented in Incident Report 2377-01, on-site personnel requirements have been adjusted to:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2378 is to be contained in an outdoor enclosure with a 5 km radius between the structure and the edge of the containment enclosure. The enclosure area is to be designated a no-fly zone. Containment barriers should be constructed of durable metal coated in Teflon polymer. CCTV monitoring cameras are to be implanted in concealed locations along the fenceline at intervals of 50 meters. Civilians attempting or successfully entering the containment enclosure are to be apprehended and administered class A amnestics as required. Satellite imagery should be modified such that SCP-2378 resembles weathered rock layers.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents embedded in meteorological agencies in the United States, Mexico and El Salvador are to monitor any potential hurricanes or other extreme weather. In the event that such weather develops, agents are to destroy all suspected infestation sites via incineration. Samples for research purposes are currently housed within Site-19 and Site-77.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2380 is to be kept in Containment Locker 2380 at Site-39, with access barred to all personnel with a clearance level under three (3). In the event of any breach in containment, Junior Researcher Østergaard is to be taken into protective custody by security personnel until containment is restored. Outside of controlled testing environments, bare-skin contact is not to be made with SCP-2380, and protective equipment is to be used at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2381 is currently uncontained. Key security personnel in local and national governments are to be briefed on new outbreaks, as they have allotted resources and cooperation to Foundation containment teams.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2382 is to be kept in a secure containment locker in Site-32. As testing has been discontinued, SCP-2382 should not be removed under any circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: Only one copy of this document is to be kept. No physical or digital backups of the document are to be stored. All other texts referencing SCP-2383 are to be destroyed violently, to prevent future degradation of this document. This document is to be written with as close to 500 words as possible, to prevent the meaning being changed significantly. Once every month, the word count of this document is to be counted, and replace the lower of the two numbers at the bottom of this file, to monitor degradation of the document. SCP-2383 is to be kept in a standard containment cell.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2384 is to be contained behind a perimeter of two-meter-tall electrical fencing. SCP-2384 is to be fed twice a day in accordance with Nutritional Chart 2384-1. Personnel are to monitor SCP-2384's growth at all times and if it is deemed to be approaching unmanageable levels, segments of SCP-2384's underground section are to be removed accordingly.
Special Containment Procedures: Observation Site-2385 has been established around the anomaly, and the quarry in which it was discovered has been purchased by the Foundation. An antechamber has been constructed around SCP-2385s entrance. Entry into SCP-2385 beyond the first 10 meters is prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2386 are to be kept on Site 32 in sealed enclosure. Any increases and changes in the hive's shape and pattern are to be reported to the Head Researcher. Instances of SCP-2386 found in the wild are to be dealt with by MTF Lambda-7 (Swarm Queens). Male personnel are not allowed on site except for testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: Buildings affected by SCP-2387 are to be inhabited by Foundation personnel disguised as employees or residents of the building. Foundation personnel are to inspect the exteriors of all buildings on an hourly basis. If graffiti consistent with a SCP-2387 event is found, all personnel are to evacuate the building immediately. As soon as possible, the affected building is to be surrounded by a 3 meter high sheet metal fence, and civilians attempting to enter the area are to be detained and amnesticized, if necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: The drive containing SCP-2388 should be kept in a Safe-class containment locker at Site-73. Affected computers should not be connected to external networks until the SCP-2388 program has been removed. Instances of SCP-2388-1, as well as any researchers interacting with them, should be provided with adequate ear protection.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2389 is currently kept in a wooded containment cell near Site-66, which provides all the resources needed for instances of SCP-2389-1. Three guard personnel are to patrol the perimeter of SCP-2389’s containment at all times, with an additional guard stationed at the entrance to SCP-2389’s containment.
Special Containment Procedures: Cultural trends regarding subjects overseen by known SCP-2390-1 instances are to be monitored for sudden shifts towards disuse or unpopularity. Market fluctuations involving a sharp decrease in sales for previously popular products are to be investigated for SCP-2390-1 activity. Whenever possible, MTF Kappa-4 ("Trustbusters") is to be deployed to take members into custody. All captured SCP-2390-1 members are to be contained under heavy sedation until simultaneous amnestic therapy of all active members is possible. In the event that a member of SCP-2390-1 has become a public authority figure, members of Kappa-4 are authorized to contest the position in an attempt to remove SCP-2390-1 from it.
Special Containment Procedures: All videos uploaded to SCP-2391 are to be saved to a secure hard-drive, then deleted from their original location. Comments on videos uploaded to SCP-2391 are to be logged before deletion of the video. In the event that a member of the public somehow manages to gain access to a video uploaded by SCP-2391 and spreads information about it, disinformation personnel are to spread the rumour that the video was simply recorded by Mr. McKay before his death, and uploaded automatically according to a schedule.
Special Containment Procedures: The camping zone situated within SCP-2392 is to be maintained by Foundation personnel under the guise of government maintenance workers. SCP-2392 is to be fenced off under the guise of major roadworks during testing. No further containment measures are required due to SCP-2392's anomalous properties.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2393-1 is to be contained in a standard biological containment greenhouse at Site-103. A data storage and interface device compatible with a USB A-port and designated for the purpose of interacting with SCP-2393-1 is to be kept within reasonable access of researchers in SCP-2393's containment. SCP-2393-1 is to be regularly checked for new and updated instances of SCP-2393-2. All instances of SCP-2393-2 are to be stored both on the designated device and on off-site digital storage. For the purpose of monitoring SCP-2393-3, all security cameras in SCP-2393's greenhouse are to run SCP-2393-2-B.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2394 is to be kept in a chemically-induced dream state at the veterinarian wing of Bio-Site 84. SCP-2394 is to be supplied with nutritional package NP2394 by method of intravenous drip. Should SCP-2394 awaken pre-emptively, no less than two veterinarian staff are to respond immediately and resume SCP-2394's dream state.
Special Containment Procedures: Observation Post 44 is to maintain communication and support from Area-30 while continuing surveillance of SCP-2395 and SCP-2395-A. A precautionary 250m radius zone around SCP-2395 has been established, which Observation Post 44 will continue to monitor for any notable movement or activity. Further information from SCP-2395-A's occupant has been deemed unlikely following communication with Dr. Mill.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2396 is to be contained in Provisional Site-2396. Provisional Site-2396 will only be staffed by employees who identify as a woman in any capacity. Until a method of neutralizing SCP-2396's effect can be found, there will be no attempt to move it from the site. SCP-2396 is to be given a single liter of glucose syrup a day.
Special Containment Procedures: Provisional Site-193 has been established in order to contain SCP-2397. The anomalous area, as well as a buffer zone of 100 meters on all sides, is currently enclosed by 4.5-meter tall chain link fencing on all sides. Signs are to be posted around the site's perimeter warning of physical hazards relating to the area's history of mining activity. Any civilians found approaching or within the fenced area are to be interrogated, administered Class-C amnestics, and released.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2398 is contained in a standard high security containment locker at Site-81. Personnel seeking clearance to test SCP-2398 must submit the proper paperwork to the Site-81 Head of Research Administration’s office.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2400 is contained on-site at Site-59, which has been constructed around the anomaly. Only personnel with 4/2400 Clearance are permitted to access SCP-2400's containment chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2401 and SCP-2401-Alpha are to be stored together in Cell-22 at Research Site-45. Cell-22 must be stocked with 3m2 of potted wildflowers with an automated drip irrigation system to maintain them.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2402-1 through 3 2 are to be kept in a locked standard storage drawer at Site-17. All requests for testing or other purposes must be logged, with digital copies of the date, time, person requesting access, and reason for requisition kept at three separate facilities. Logs must be cross-referenced at least once monthly for discrepancies.
Special Containment Procedures: The east stairwell of Research Site-45, between the 1st and 3rd floors, is to be closed to personnel indefinitely. Access to the 2nd floor landing will be blocked with reinforced concrete with a steel blast door on the 1st floor landing to be locked at all times. Testing on SCP-2403 has been suspended until further notice.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2404-1 is contained within a standard humanoid containment cell at Site 17. The floor of the cell has been modified to slope upwards towards its center, and drainage grates have been inserted into the floor around the perimeter of the room, to allow for the removal of water generated by SCP-2404-1.
Special Containment Procedures: A copy of SCP-2405 is to be maintained by the Department of Information Technology in the Secure Foundation Network File System (SFNFS) at all times. Access to SCP-2405 is to be restricted to the current head of the SCP-2405 Automated Experimentation Project. As of Experiment-2405-279198, videos derived from SCP-2405 are to be screened by a Cognitohazard-Sanitizing Expert System (CSES) before being viewed by humans.
Special Containment Procedures: Provisional Site-31 has been built around SCP-2406 and is to maintain the facade of a Kazakhstani military facility. Type A hazmat suits are mandatory when working directly with SCP-2406, as is decontamination upon exit. A security perimeter of armed guards is to remain in place at all times in order to prevent unauthorized access. Direct interaction with SCP-2406-1 requires authorization by Site Command.
Special Containment Procedures: Industrialized countries should be monitored for SCP-2407 through groups such as the International Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Foundation; national and local mental health organizations; professional organizers; and self-help groups. Suspected instances of SCP-2407 should be reported to the Memetic Studies Department for analysis.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation is to infiltrate and control law enforcement agencies in areas where GoI-0432 activity is suspected. Information regarding the anomalous activities of GoI-0432 is to be suppressed. MTF Psi-13 ("Witch Hunters") has been tasked with the search for and elimination of GoI-0432 members (SCP-2408-1). In the event that a member is captured alive, they are to be thoroughly interrogated (using any means deemed necessary) prior to termination; the bodies autopsied and disposed of per hazardous waste protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: As of this writing, SCP-2409 is contained by ECRG technology from the early 20th century1, and has remained inactive and undisturbed since the Foundation's initial response.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2411 is to be kept unloaded, fitted with a custom-built lock, and secured in a low-value item storage locker at Site-30.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2412 is kept in a standard safe humanoid containment chamber, fitted with a five number keypad lock.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2413 is contained in this document. Under no circumstances is this document to be deleted or altered. The cognitohazard decontamination procedures at the end of this file must be carried out by any accessing user. Failure to follow these instructions is to be considered a Class 3 (cognitohazardous) containment breach.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2414 is to be kept inside an opaque box and stored in a standard secure storage vault in Dimensional Site-62. The vault is to be protected by no fewer than two (2) armed guards trained in the resistance and containment of infohazards at any given time. Guards are to be told that the vault contains dangerous but non-anomalous items, and are not to permit access without the express written authorization of the Site Director. Any attempts at removing SCP-2414 from the vault without this authorization are to be met with lethal force.
Special Containment Procedures: (Updated 15 August 2016) SCP-2415 is to be stored in a specially constructed case made of reinforced concrete of not less than 2,000 kg mass, and further held in a reinforced containment chamber constructed on site at the scene of discovery (Designated Site-187 as of 1 September 2016). SCP-2415 is not to be removed from the chamber at any time, including during testing.
Special Containment Procedures: The current instance of SCP-2416 (now SCP-2416-21) is to be kept in a drug-induced coma at Site-59 and monitored for vital signs. If SCP-2416-21 dies for any reason, Mobile Task Force Omicron-8 "Send In The Clowns" is to be placed on high alert, and the replacement instance is to be apprehended and contained in the same manner as soon as possible.
Special Containment Procedures: A fenced, circular perimeter with a radius of 15 kilometers has been established around SCP-2419. This perimeter is maintained by MTF Beta-7 ("Maz Hatters") as private property.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2420 is currently being held in the low-security humanoid containment wing at Site 213. As of Incident-2420-A, all anomalous activity exhibited by SCP-2420 has been observed to be neutralized. Possible permanent containment, despite cessation of all anomalous activity, is being reviewed by the Ethics Committee.
Special Containment Procedures: Through controlled feeding at certain known feeding areas, the range of SCP-2421 has been limited to a 250 km2 area in the south of Russia. Mobile Task Force Alpha-2 ("Resort Staff") are responsible for maintaining these areas. Feeding areas are presented as a chain of resorts branded as Fundamental Springs. D-Class are stationed at all feeding areas for the purpose of consumption.
Special Containment Procedures: The four members of SCP-2422 are to be housed together in a modified set of nine standard humanoid containment cells, which are to be made to connect to each other through open doorways. These rooms are to be furnished within reasonable limits to the tastes of the members of SCP-2422 as a simulation of a full-size home and small walled-in backyard, including one approved charcoal grill. All cellular network and internet communications are to be jammed within these nine cells.
Special Containment Procedures: The perimeter of SCP-2423 is to be patrolled by MTF Mu-3 "Cassiopeia" at all times. No instance of SCP-2423-1 is to leave SCP-2423, regardless of circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2424 is to be kept in Testing Hangar-09 at Research Site-45 for further study. A yellow demarcation line is to be painted along the floor around SCP-2424 within a 40m radius, indicating the limits of SCP-2424's perception. This area is to be known as the "Interaction Zone". Any personnel returning from the interaction zone are to be debriefed and physically screened for any anomalous effects.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2425 is to be kept in a 10.5m x 8.5m x 5m containment cell in Reliquary Site-251. The cell is to be outfitted with one stage meant for the performance of dramatic acts, specifically musicals. At 16:00 EST on every second Friday of the month, a performance of a single song from a musical with religious themes is to be performed by volunteer Foundation researchers with some form of musical skill.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation operatives are to monitor all luxury shopping malls and outlets in the Southern California area for instances of SCP-2426. A list of retail centers particularly noted for SCP-2426 manifestation is included in Document 2426-Alpha. Once an instance of SCP-2426 is located, Mobile Task Force Psi-7 ("Home Improvement") is to be deployed, cutting off public access to the anomaly. The entities within SCP-2426 are to be contained using an approved cover story until de-manifestation. Anomalous items inside SCP-2426 should be seized and sales records from SCP-2426 should be reviewed. Owners of items purchased from SCP-2426 will be detained, interviewed, administered amnestics, and released. Should an instance of SCP-2426 enter a hiring phase, an undercover Foundation agent is to be deployed to gain employment at SCP-2426.
Special Containment Procedures: Area-2427 has been established around SCP-2427-1 for the purpose of the study and containment of SCP-2427. A 500m perimeter around SCP-2427-A has been designated the center of Area-2427, using a private elite country club as a front. Intruders are to be given amnestics and turned away.
Special Containment Procedures: Outside of testing, SCP-2428 is to remain in a secure locker within Hall ██ of Site-██. At the conclusion of any testing, the affected subject is to ingest SCP-2428-2.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2429 is allowed to operate as normal. Foundation operatives are to be covertly placed around SCP-2429 at all times. All entrances to SCP-2429-1 should be obstructed by wooden boards and display an "out of order" sign. Should any person without proper clearance enter SCP-2429-1 for any reason other than approved testing, it is to be considered a breach of containment. Any person who enters and exits SCP-2429-1 without proper clearance is to be administered a Class-A amnestic as soon as possible. Any person displaying obvious behavior typical of being affected by the anomalous properties of SCP-2429 is to be administered a Class-A amnestic as soon as possible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2430 is to be held in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-17. Tissue samples extracted from SCP-2430 are to be disposed of after analysis via incineration of said samples.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2431 is to be kept in a standard cell incubator within Site-234, at 37°C when not in use. Interactions with the anomaly should take place in a sealed, sterile, tissue culture hood under normal BSL-2 conditions. Research personnel should avoid direct physical contact with SCP-2431. Excess SCP-2431 should be disposed of using advanced prion sterilization techniques.
Special Containment Procedures: All business and travel websites with listings for the A██████ Hotel are to be monitored for reviews displaying memetic triggers by Foundation-operated web analysis bot Gamma-09 ("BATESMOTEL"), which will scan for a list of memetic textual triggers and remove the reviews with the cooperation of the hosting sites. Only staff members with Level 3 memetic hazard training are to have access to these texts.
Special Containment Procedures: All identified copies of SCP-2433-1 are currently saved on a designated hard drive found in Wing C on Site-17. Each saved instance of SCP-2433-1 should be accompanied by a text file detailing recovered site, estimated people affected, and other relevant information, including discovery location, estimated exposure, and calculated BRI. Testing regarding SCP-2433 is open to all Site-17 staff with Security Clearance 2 or higher, as long as the experiment does not involve the usage of an Internet connection; all testing conducted that seeks to use the Internet in any setting require the permission of Site Director Putnam. SCP-2433-1 instances created for the sake of testing must be recorded.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-2434-1 are kept at Site-██. Each instance of SCP-2434-1 must be cleaned once per month, and turned on to check all engine operations. SCP-2434-1 is to remain off when not in testing. Testing or interviewing of SCP-2434-1 may only be approved by SCP-2434's project lead.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2435-1 and SCP-2435-2 are to be sealed in a 2 cubic meter block of copper and 0.5 cubic meter block of silver, respectively. Both are to be contained inside separate secure vacuum containment chambers. Under no circumstances are SCP-2435-1 and SCP-2435-2 to come in physical contact with each other (see Incident 2435-D).
Special Containment Procedures: An area of four square kilometers around the projected location of SCP-2436-1 is to be designated Site 431 and fenced off. Civilians who enter the area are to be removed with a minimum of force. Site 431 is to be staffed at all times by no less than three researchers and two guards, all of whom are to be fluent in Icelandic and experienced with the raising of livestock. Researchers assigned to Site 431 are to be trained in the handle and care of rare books. Ordinary operation of the farm located at Site 431 is to continue at all times, and any living, adult heirs of Hjörtur Ármannsson, legal owner of the farm prior to the establishment of Site 431, are to receive equal shares of a monthly stipend consisting of one half of the farm's net profits.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2437 is to be kept in containment vault Tophat-3. Tophat-3 and the interior of SCP-2437 are to be video monitored at all times for potential changes to the environment. No personnel are to enter SCP-2437 under any given circumstance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2440’s existence is to be kept from all individuals lacking at least 4/2440 clearance. Any uncleared individual who learns of SCP-2440’s existence is to be issued several rounds of Class-X amnestics, until researchers agree by a unanimous vote that no more amnestics are required.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2442's containment room is fitted similar to a Restricted Environmental Stimulation Therapy (REST) chamber, with no access to light and as much sound reduction as possible. At least three containment rooms on three different sites exist, with SCP-2442 occupying one of them.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2443 is to be contained within a warehouse. Contingent on cooperation, SCP-2443 is to be allowed three hours daily in an outdoor enclosure, surrounded by a 8,000 volt electric fence. The fence is to be no less than 12 meters in height.
Special Containment Procedures: Any social media postings, local advertisements or cellular communications related to SCP-2444 are to be flagged and reviewed by Foundation interpreters. Mobile Task Force Psi-7 "Home Improvement" will be deployed to neutralize any structure found to be housing SCP-2444. All instances of SCP-2444-1 will be catalogued and maintained for future study and reference within one of Site-77's vaults.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2445 is to be kept within the AVB (Anomalous Vehicle Bay) at Site-81.
Special Containment Procedures: Police, news, and civilian reports in the San Jose metropolitan area are to be monitored for SCP-2446. Reports are to be officially scrubbed from record, and persons involved in the discovery or documentation of SCP-2446 are to be administered class-B amnestics. All SCP-2446-1 retrieved are to be transported to Site-76 for containment and analysis.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: A perimeter around the grounds of SCP-2448 is to be established, and a 5-man team of security personnel is to patrol the boundaries every 4 hours. A guard station on the north edge of the castle premises will house any personnel assigned to SCP-2448. Any unauthorized persons attempting to enter the perimeter are to be turned away with the explanation of an ongoing private-family historical renovation and refurbishing project.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2450 patients are to be kept physically restrained in Secure Ward LAN-12 to prevent the spread and progression of infection. The initial infection source is contained at the site of discovery in a building disguised as an electrical substation, designated Building-2450.
Special Containment Procedures: The Site-721 L-Type HACC containing SCP-2451 is to be modified to include temporal integrity seals1. As SCP-2451-1 and SCP-2451-2#14's locations are currently unknown, and SCP-2451-2 emergence events have not ceased and indeed become more prevalent, all previous containment measures not directly related to the containment of SCP-2451-1 will remain in effect.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2452 are to be contained in Anomalous Gallery 27, located at Site-09, and kept behind reinforced glass at all times. All personnel entering and leaving Anomalous Gallery 27 are to be logged by on-site security.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2454 is to remain anchored at its current position by steel wire tethers that are to be replaced biannually or as deemed necessary by Command. Patrol ships are to maintain a 5 km perimeter around SCP-2454, preventing unauthorized access. Due to environmental conditions, all Foundation personnel are to be equipped with cold weather attire. The use of earplugs is mandatory due to the deafening vocalizations of SCP-2454-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2455 is contained in a standard humanoid containment cell, monitored at all times by a camera connected to an image analysis program. Should an instance of SCP-2455-1 be detected, Site Security is to be notified immediately, and the following procedures enacted as necessary:
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the memetic nature of SCP-2456, as well as the high number of suspected infected individuals, complete containment of SCP-2456 is not physically possible with current Foundation technology. Foundation Research is currently developing thematic methods of neutralizing all SCP-2456 instances in the wild. Access to any manuscripts documenting past SCP-2456-α instances is limited to Level 3+ personnel currently involved in Project Montagu.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2457 is to be stored in a cryogenic storage unit at Sector 5 of Site-44. Sample requests for testing purposes require authorisation from Project Head/2457.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2458 is to be stored in its case in a standard containment locker and may only be removed for testing. All testing must be performed in a soundproof chamber populated only by D-class personnel. Researchers must perform all duties and deliver instructions from a separate booth. Live broadcasts of SCP-2458 are forbidden.
Special Containment Procedures: A 2 km perimeter has been set up over the zone affected by SCP-2459. Mobile Task Force Phi-12 ("Green Light") is to work with local police and transit authorities to prevent civilians from approaching the area. The town within the perimeter is to remain evacuated, with a local chemical spill and health hazard remaining a cover story. All movement within the perimeter must avoid any travel by road. All roads are to be removed within the perimeter as allowed by local conditions.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its position and properties, SCP-2460 is not contained at this time. Space agencies are to be informed of SCP-2460's trajectory so that satellites and launches do not collide with SCP-2460. When doing so, SCP-2460 is to be listed as a large piece of space debris. No object is allowed within 50 km of SCP-2460.
Special Containment Procedures: Following the accidental deaths of Dr. ██████████ and the remainder of the SCP-2461 research team, no further research into SCP-2461 is to be carried out without a unanimous consent of the O5 council. The remaining SCP-2461 artifacts are to be placed in High Security Containment at Armed Containment Site 2461. No access to SCP-2461 is to be permitted without unanimous consent of the O5 council. Anti-theft measures in place at Armed Containment Site 2461 are classified under Protocol 999-2461-Gernsback. Lethal force is authorized to prevent theft of SCP-2461 objects.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the restrictive growing conditions of Rafflesia arnoldii, Outpost 2462-0 has been established at SCP-2462's location of discovery to prevent unauthorized access and allow for experimentation. Monetary compensation to the citizens of ██████ has been authorized to prevent the disclosure of SCP-2462's anomalous properties to third parties. A 350m perimeter is to be established around SCP-2462 during its blooming period, with access denied to all unauthorized individuals, save for citizens of ██████ who live, work, or regularly visit inside the perimeter.
Special Containment Procedures: Each instance of SCP-2463 is to be kept in a separate standard containment locker at Site-19. At no point should any instance of SCP-2463 come into contact with any other instance of SCP-2463. Access to single instances of SCP-2463 is restricted to personnel with security clearance of 3 or higher, and access to multiple instances is not permitted at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: Restricted access to SCP-2464-1 is to be maintained via 5 checkpoint stations (designated Area 2464-1 through -5) spaced roughly 5 km apart from each other throughout the primary access tunnel. Access into Area 2464-5 is only to be granted to individuals with Level 4 clearance, or the members of authorized exploration/maintenance teams. Individuals who gain access past Area-2464-1 are to be contained, brought to Site 81 for examination, and subsequently administered Class D amnestics or terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2465 is to be stored in a secure containment locker in Site 12. Unless being used for testing, SCP-2465 must be covered at all times by an opaque sheet. Under no circumstances should SCP-2465 be photographed or filmed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2466 is kept in a standard storage locker at Site-44. Testing of SCP-2466 may be undertaken with the permission of SCP-2466's HMCL supervisor. Testing of SCP-2466-1 is not permitted. To prevent accidental activation of SCP-2466-1, all shortcuts to the program have been removed from the device. If SCP-2466-1 is activated, SCP-2466 must be disconnected from its power source immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation satellites are to constantly track the movement of SCP-2467, with analysts and programs predicting the movements of the object, with plants in the meteorological bureau to divert traffic from areas likely to be visited by SCP-2467. In addition, the SCPS Sunderland, a fully armed Legend-class cutter, will be dispatched to patrol areas where SCP-2467 is likely to come into contact with other vessels. SCPS Sunderland is to be equipped with a minimum of two rigid bottomed motor life boats to aid in rescue of survivors of encounters with SCP-2467, along with high impact naval weaponry to aid in discouraging the object from attacking civilian, merchant and military vessels. Absolutely no aircraft is to be deployed in the area of SCP-2467's area of operation, due to the severe weather phenomena associated with it.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-2468 relocates at random intervals, it is impossible to fully contain the phenomenon. Should SCP-2468 relocate, the surrounding area must be locked down and quarantined by a containment team, with cover stories given in the likely case of civilian activity around it. Once lockdown has been achieved, in order to maximize SCP-2468's time within the locked zone, a minimal mass of roughly 55 kilograms of raw, fresh meat will be brought to SCP-2468's area of effect once a week, starting from day one of locating. Disappearance of SCP-2468 must be reported immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the remote location of SCP-2469-1, minimal containment procedures are necessary. An observation tower disguised as a ranger station has been built along the southern ridge overlooking SCP-2469, and Foundation personnel disguised as park rangers are to deter civilians from entering SCP-2469-1 under pretense of hostile wildlife activity.
Special Containment Procedures: To facilitate containment, Area-141 has been established at the site of discovery. Due to the extremely hazardous nature of SCP-2470, as well as the potential threat from pro-apocalyptic religious-mystical movements and sects, on-site personnel are responsible for both containing the object, and protecting Area-141 from any and all outside threats.
Special Containment Procedures: The bulk of SCP-2471 is stored in the refrigerated containment for anomalous food in Site-17. Requests for samples must be submitted to Lead Researcher Dr. Califano.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2472 is not to be kept in an otherwise active Containment Site due to its tendency to disrupt anomaly-sensing and security mechanisms active at said sites. SCP-2472 is currently contained in a Foundation auxiliary facility in Saint Simons Island, Georgia.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2473 is currently stored in Hangar 37 of Site-43. Efforts in restoration and reverse-engineering of the object are ongoing. Normal procedures for delicate artifacts such as those found within SCP-2473 are in effect. Exposure of SCP-2473's photovoltaic panel to sunlight is required for no less than four hours daily.
Special Containment Procedures: All electronic communications originating from the Divine Unity 3 space station are to be monitored for signs of influence by SCP-2474. Any missions in the vicinity of Venus undertaken by international space agencies, nonprofit consortia or private interplanetary firms are to be investigated for the potential of encountering SCP-2474, especially those likely to generate data concerning the northern hemisphere of the planet.
Special Containment Procedures: At least one Foundation agent is to be employed by the Conan Doyle for surveillance purposes. Foundation agents under the authority of the Region 41A (Scotland - Lowlands) Director will monitor local and national news about escaped felons or persons under investigation by authorities, and will convey this information to the embedded agent to deny entry to said individuals. Should SCP-2475 be activated, the Region 41A Director will have discretion over the possible use of amnestics to cover up the containment breach.
Special Containment Procedures: All Foundation containment procedure proposals are to be monitored for SCP-2477 methodology. All proposals determined to be affected by SCP-2477 are to be denied. (For a list of plausible reasons for denial, please see Document SCP-2477-Thoth.) Foundation astronomical assets are to maintain continuous tracking of all known Type A instances, as well as Type B-C instances wherever possible.
Special Containment Procedures: All live instances of SCP-2478 are held in individual Type L humanoid containment cells at Biological Containment Area-519. Three deceased instances of SCP-2478 are to be held in Area-519 morgue. No personnel of self-acknowledged Japanese descent are to be in visible proximity with SCP-2478 instances, unless for approved testing. Approval may be sought from Project Head/2478.
Special Containment Procedures: The two major roads leading to and from SCP-2479 are to be permanently roadblocked by Foundation personnel. Non-Foundation vehicles from Sherwood, Oregon that attempt to travel along these roads are to be withheld from approaching SCP-2479. Any non-Foundation vehicles passing the roadblock will be regarded as trespassers.
Special Containment Procedures: Dimensional Research Site-13 was constructed adjacent to Bodfel Manor, location of the SCP-2480 anomaly. Civilians are to be prevented from accessing the Bodfel Estate through non-violent means. Class A, B, and C amnestics may be used at the discretion of Field Agents. Foundation personnel have been integrated with the community surrounding SCP-2480 as quarantine or relocation of inhabitants has been deemed unfeasible. Considered the best source of information for SCP-2480 anomalies, agents are to make local inquiries and investigate any rumors, reports, or claims of an anomalous nature. Mobile Task Force Epsilon-6 ("Village Idiots") have infiltrated the community and are to remain on the lookout for anomalous manifestations. Mobile Task Force Psi-9 ("Abyss Gazers") is to remain on standby in case of an Emanation Event. The use of force has been authorized and anomalous manifestations are to be destroyed without prejudice.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-143 has been constructed around SCP-2481 and all related experiments are to be conducted on-site. To ensure the cooperation of SCP-2481-3, personnel entering SCP-2481 must be of Han ethnicity.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2482 is kept in Special Object Locker #37 in the Safe-class sector of Site 17. This locker is outfitted with a dehumidifier, which is to keep the ambient humidity within the locker to less than 1%. Water is not to be introduced to SCP-2482 outside of testing conditions. All affected liquids are kept in watertight storage drums in Laboratory #14 prior to use in testing. All personnel handling SCP-2482 are to wear whole-body coverings at all times, including gloves and facial shields.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2483 is temporarily located in Isolation Zone 3H in Site 24's External Environmental Lab (EEL). Under order from O5 Command, no Foundation personnel are currently authorized to cross the boundaries of the zone, until safe transport procedures can be finalized. Any personnel found violating this order face serious repercussions. Give it the space it needs.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2484-A is to be kept in a standard Refrigerated Perishables locker. Security clearance of Level-3 or higher is required to access SCP-2484 or any amount of SCP-2484-A. During testing, no more than 400 g of SCP-2484-A should be removed. No potentially destructive tests are to be authorized for SCP-2484 at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2485 is to be contained in a standard containment locker at Site-08. Access to SCP-2485 for item examination purposes requires Level-2 clearance; Level-3 authorization is required prior to any experimentation involving SCP-2485.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2486 is stored in a standard lockbox at Site-73. SCP-2486-A are housed at Site-17, or at other sites as necessary for testing procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2487 is surrounded by a five-kilometer perimeter quarantine zone. The exterior of this zone is designated Site-930, and is made to resemble the outer perimeter of a United States Military Base publicly known as Fort Grenwall. Fifty armed members of Special Task Force Omega-15 ("Dire Deeds") are stationed at this site, specially trained and equipped to eliminate instances of SCP-2487-02.
Special Containment Procedures: Any recovered instances of SCP-2488-1 are to be stored in Site-23's Refrigerated Containment Unit 23-4. Individuals in possession of SCP-2488 instances, or possessing knowledge of SCP-2488 are to be amnesticized on a case-by-case basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2489 is currently submerged in a natural tar pit, integrated into a containment chamber. Containment Area-09 has been constructed around it to facilitate containment. Due to the fact that SCP-2489 is able to dig through the tar at a rate of 100 meters per day, additional materials such as wet cement have been introduced to the containment pit in order to slow SCP-2489 down. It is currently estimated that there are 869 days left until additional measures will have to be taken to prevent SCP-2489 from breaching containment.
Special Containment Procedures: All Foundation personnel are to be informed of SCP-2490's properties, and are encouraged to inform their Site Director if they suspect pursuit by SCP-2490. Mobile Task Force Alpha-5 ("Honor Guard") is to monitor any compromised personnel at all times, and incapacitate SCP-2490 if possible. Mobile Task Force Psi-7 ("Home Improvement") is currently tracking down anomalous objects believed to have been stolen by SCP-2490.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2491 is to be contained within an outdoor enclosure, with 20 km between the structure and the edge of the containment enclosure; in the northern direction, the boundaries are to be no more than 5 km apart. The enclosure area is to be designated a no-fly zone. CCTV cameras are installed along the fence-line in all directions at 30 m intervals. Additional CCTV cameras have been placed directly inside or around the structure for observation purposes. Observation should be maintained at all times. Civilians attempting to enter or successfully entering the containment enclosure are to be apprehended and administered class A amnestics as required.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2492 is contained in a standard anomalous item locker at Site-17. SCP-2492 is not to be plugged in outside of testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2494 is currently uncontained. MTF Rho-14 ("Handschuhe") is tasked with tracking the origin of the phenomenon and suppressing public knowledge of outbreaks. All instances of SCP-2494-1 should be captured, euthanized, and cataloged. One instance of SCP-2494-1 per major species is to be kept in Site-73 specimen storage.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF Rho-93 ("Say It Ain't Sokal") are currently responsible for having copies of SCP-2495 circulated in academic publications removed, and the persons responsible for their publication detained and amnesticised. An archival copy of SCP-2495 has been stored on the internal Hazardous Documents Database, with Level 2 personnel and above being able to view selected excerpts of the full text.
Special Containment Procedures: 785 SCP-2497 instances have been detained in Biological Containment Area 36 with hand-knit Christmas stockings. Foundation spatial analysts have been assigned to monitor known areas of activity for SCP-2497 manifestations. Should an instance appear, containment teams are to be deployed, and a hand-knit Christmas stocking attached to the manifestation, localizing the anomaly.
Special Containment Procedures: The former Parapsychology Wing of Andhra Pradesh University has been designated Adjunct Site-2498 for monitoring and communications purposes. In accordance with Foundation radiation exposure safety guidelines, on-site staff are not to be stationed within Adjunct Site-2498 for more than 240 hours a year.
Special Containment Procedures: Given SCP-2499’s location, physical containment of the anomaly is considered impossible.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-2500-A, complete containment of the phenomena may currently be unfeasible. Foundation efforts are currently concentrated on finding means to more effectively identify and isolate Visitation Events and on limiting public exposure to SCP-2500-A. Identified instances of SCP-2500-B are to be held in Standard Humanoid Containment Units and observed constantly. Due to their general ineffectiveness and the greater efficiency of passive or covert monitoring, interviews with instances of SCP-2500-B are currently discontinued.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2501 is to be kept in Storage Vault 3-H at Research Site-45. Only personnel with special exemption keycards will be allowed to access SCP-2501. However, the use and/or misuse of SCP-2501 is still strictly prohibited, punishable up to termination. All previous documentation and research regarding SCP-2501 is to be kept on high security Foundation servers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2502 is to be secured by an eight-point 'halo brace'-style clamping system consisting of a series of spring-loaded stainless steel rods measuring 2 cm in diameter, each ending in a retention pad of synthetic rubber, positioned equidistantly above and below the object and in contact with its obverse and reverse surfaces. The clamping system is to be calibrated with each rod delivering 200 kPa of pressure at each contact point, each with an associated tension sensor, and mounted in a ventilated clear polycarbonate container. The container is to be stored in a climate-controlled secure storage locker at Site-15, calibrated to 100 kPa pressure, 285 K temperature and 40% humidity in addition to the typical electromagnetic safety measures in place at the Site.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its immovable nature, the site containing SCP-2503 has been acquired by the Foundation under the name of one Mr. Brendan Greenwood. Civilians are to be deterred from entering under the guise of dangerous building conditions.
Special Containment Procedures: At least three boxes of SCP-2504 itself must be stored at Site-37 in a standard item storage locker.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2506 is to be housed in an L-Type Humanoid Anomaly Containment Cell (HACC) fitted with Sporzewski-grade Construct Stability Seals (CSS). A full audit of all CSSes attached to an SCP-2506 specimen's HACC is required before testing and/or interviewing can be authorized. All testing and/or interviewing is to be conducted remotely, with SCP-2506 remaining in its HACC at all times. One or more CSS may be disabled for testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2507 are to be contained in Wildlife Observation Chambers located within Site-77. These chambers have been painted pink, and outfitted with a number of toys, such as dolls, dollhouses, makeup, and glitter. At least one hairbrush per SCP-2507 instance is to be provided, to facilitate cooperation.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its unusual nature, containment efforts for SCP-2508 are to be focused on its upkeep, research regarding its origin and significance, and maintaining its routines.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2509 are to be housed in individual Standard Safe Zoological Containment Units. Entities are to have access to an Outdoor Containment Area for four hours each day. SCP-2509 objects require no sustenance, but are to be provided weekly with canine toys. Staff are not permitted in SCP-2509 enclosures.
Special Containment Procedures: Armed Dimensional Containment Site-08 was successfully constructed around the entrance to SCP-2510's interior. No personnel are to enter SCP-2510-1 without authorization by Site Command. Type A hazmat suits are mandatory within SCP-2510-1, as is decontamination upon exit. Armed guards are to be in place at all times in order to prevent unauthorized access to the facility. In the event of a security breach by civilians or hostile entities, lethal force is authorized - in the event of a security breach from within SCP-2510-1, the on-site nuclear device will be detonated. Armed Dimensional Containment Site-08 is to maintain the facade of a French satellite tracking station.
Special Containment Procedures: To house SCP-2511-A instances currently in Mongolia, the Lake Khövsgöl Settlement Area (LKSA) has been established in collaboration with the Government of Mongolia. SCP-2511-A instances held at LKSA are not to be transported out of Mongolia, and are to be fitted with GPS tracking bracelets on one of their limbs.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2512 and an additional 1 km buffer zone are to be identified publicly via signage, official records, and local disinformation campaigns as Sanitary Chemical Purgation LTD, a hazardous waste sequestration facility. The perimeter of this area is to be fenced and patrolled on a randomized schedule by staff in full hazardous waste protection garb.1 Site 392 has been established to enable continuing observation and security operations for SCP-2512, and maintenance of the cover operation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2513 is to be guarded by armed personnel at all times, with orders to detain any non-authorized persons attempting to cross SCP-2513. An area of 10km2 around SCP-2513 is to be cordoned off as a nature preserve, to prevent any possible use by civilian populations.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2514 is to be kept in Area-12, in a containment stable modified with outdoor sound barriers and fireproofing measures. Maintenance of the stable and subject itself is to carried out by automated systems whenever possible, as to minimize human contact. Any unautomated care is to be fulfilled by a rotating staff of D-Class trained in equestrian care. Any personnel attending to SCP-2514 must be equipped with fire-retardant clothing and hearing protection of 40 NRR. SCP-2514's diet must consist entirely of pure sugar. Research into alternative means of sustenance is pending approval from the site director.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2515-A is to be secured in a glass case inside a sterile storage chamber at Site-77. To prevent the object's degradation, the storage chamber's temperature must be maintained at 20°C, and its relative humidity at 45%. SCP-2515-A is to be stored in complete darkness while not in use, and is to be examined daily by a curator from the Department of Antiquities for instances of Anthrenus verbasci1.
Special Containment Procedures: A 457-meter perimeter fence patrolled by a squad of Foundation security officers is to surround the entrance of SCP-2518-A under the pretense of being a protected nature reserve. Diplomatic relations with SCP-2518-C are to be handled by the Paropamisus Research Team, who are stationed at a compound near SCP-2518-A’s entrance. In the event of an invasion by SCP-2518-C, a division of MTF-Zeta-9 ("Mole Rats") has been charged with securing and defending SCP-2518-A.
Special Containment Procedures: One instance of SCP-2519 is to be stored on a flash drive in a standard electronic item storage locker at Site-15. Mobile Task Force Kappa-10 ("Skynet") is to establish web crawler programs to detect sharing of SCP-2519 files, and is to investigate evidence of infection by SCP-2519 of known artificial intelligences.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2520-2 must be suppressed immediately after they appear. Amnestics are to be administered to the parties, clerks, and members of the affected court or organization, as well as any other involved persons. Afterwards, any motions or other procedural devices addressed to the affected court or organization that may cause it to set aside or modify the original decision in any way, or prevent its enforcement, are to be monitored for anomalous influence. Updated 13 April 2015: In order to simplify containment efforts, the content of SCP-2520-2 instances is to be enforced, insofar as it is compatible with normalcy. For instance, this can be done:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2522 is contained within an isolated backup data server at Site-19. Temporary containment methods require SCP-2522 to stay within the 8B-A1.aic construct, pending further research on more permanent containment solutions. The server housing SCP-2522 is to remain powered, and monitored on a daily basis.
Special Containment Procedures: Annually on August 15th, Mobile Task Force Omicron-13 ("Trick or Treat") is to be activated. MTF o-13 must begin a full Class W mnestic treatment regimen no later than August 20th. MTF o-13 will begin the Class W dosage ramp-down no earlier than November 7th, and will stand down no earlier than November 15th. Activation may be extended up to 90 days at the discretion of the SCP-2523 project lead (further extensions must be approved by both the reporting HR supervisor and the reporting medical officer).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2524 is to be stored in a standard Safe-class item locker outfitted with additional protection against heat and fire.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2525 is contained in a 1.5 meter PMMA tube with a laser motion detection system positioned .5 meters from the floor. Triggering of the laser will send alerts to Site Director Bresescu and Researchers Ross and Krasniewski. The researcher on duty is to report immediately to SCP-2525-1's room and monitor the subject during and after the activation event to ensure proper transmission recording.
Special Containment Procedures: Outside of testing periods, SCP-2527-1 is to be contained in a reinforced steel containment crate, 4m cubic, on the side of the testing field at Site-59. Testing is to be carried out only as ordered by the Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the widespread nature of SCP-2528-A and SCP-2528-B, both geographically and in the popular consciousness, physical containment is impractical at this time. Instead, efforts should be directed to concealing their anomalous properties. Currently, this primarily consists of discouraging research into the quantum properties of Bambusoideae bambusinae and Ailuropoda melanoleuca.
Special Containment Procedures: All records of the SCP-2529 occurrence have been expunged from local and national law enforcement databases. Site-28 research staff are to monitor internet traffic for references to the SCP-2529 occurrence, prioritizing crime-related and missing persons discussion boards. All detected references are to be suppressed, and associated individuals flagged for any necessary follow-up actions. See Clandestine Electronic Data Interference Guide for more details.
Special Containment Procedures: A surveillance system has been installed in the interior and exterior of SCP-2530, and all entryways have been barricaded to prevent instances of SCP-2530-A from exiting. All trespassers are to be subdued and administered amnestics by Agents from Surveillance Post 935. Any alterations in behavior are to be reported to the current SP Head for revisions in containment procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2531 is presently not under containment. Field agents encountering SCP-2531 are to exercise caution to ensure the vine/stem/umbilical connection is not severed or damaged. Once secure, efforts are to be made to bring SCP-2531 to term allowing indefinite containment.
Special Containment Procedures: All cases involving the manifestation of previously uncatalogued species in a specific area are to be investigated for possibly originating from SCP-2532.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2533 is inactive unless read by a human. When not in use for an authorized viewing event, it is to remain in a sealed manila envelope which is placed in a locked filing cabinet drawer in Secure File Storage room 2 at Site 19. Access must be authorized by Level 3 Supervisors or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2534-1 instances that have not passed their two-year mark are to be kept in Containment Wing 14 of Site-32, individually wrapped in plastic and organized by their estimated recovery date. SCP-2534-1E is also to be contained in this manner.
Only D-Class personnel are to handle, sort, and arrange these instances, to ensure no personnel are accidentally affected.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2535 is to be sealed off from the public under the cover of health and safety reasons. A team of at least two agents is to be stationed in an adjacent building for observation purposes at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: As the nature of SCP-2536 makes physical containment impossible, containment procedures will instead focus on the manner in which personnel should conduct themselves in the event of a manifestation. To enforce this, as of 12/23/19██, copies of these containment procedures are to be distributed among all personnel currently in the employ of the SCP Foundation during the month of December. In the event that SCP-2536 appears before a member of personnel, they are to refrain from accepting any offered gifts, leave the vicinity of SCP-2536 and immediately inform their supervisor.
Special Containment Procedures: Captured instances of SCP-2537 are to be contained in separate standard humanoid containment chambers within Site-44. The detection and detainment of SCP-2537 is currently assigned to MTF Beta-13 ("Over Troubled Waters").
Special Containment Procedures: No weapons, armor, or other items generated by SCP-2538, are allowed outside of the containment chamber. At least 2 security personnel must guard SCP-2538 at all times. Security officers will rotate in shifts accordingly.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2539 has been closed under the provisional cover story of maintenance. Foundation security personnel have been assigned to monitor and intercept civilians attempting to access SCP-2539.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2540 is to be contained within an anomalous object storage locker at Site-81, outfitted with Plexiglas paneling in place of the standard steel alloy. Because of the nature of SCP-2540, this locker must be large enough to properly house no fewer than five human subjects at any given time, and security staff must remain on-hand to process human subjects that appear near SCP-2540.
Special Containment Procedures: Any recovered instances of SCP-2541 are to be stored within a standard anomalous item locker. Use of SCP-2541 is restricted for personnel with clearance below Level-2 unless given permission otherwise. SCP-2541 is not to be used for recreational use by Foundation personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment is focused on seizing and destroying any knowledge of SCP-2542 and all evidence thereof. This is to be maintained through destruction of all instances of SCP-2542-A and working in conjoint efforts with local police departments to seize and then destroy all SCP-2542-A instances currently in circulation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2543 is to be contained in a standard Class A Humanoid Containment cell in Block 4 of Site 15. It is allowed two hours per day in the Block 4 Courtyard. SCP-2543 is to be administered 40mg of citalopram daily for depression. The subject is to have a Dell desktop computer hooked up to a projector in its habitation. This computer comes equipped solely with VLC Media Player, Minesweeper, and Microsoft Word. All but Microsoft Word may be taken away as punishment if deemed necessary by Site Director Allen. SCP-2543 is allowed to request new computer programs or videos but has not since it was contained. All materials written by SCP-2543 are to be passed directly to Director Allen.
Special Containment Procedures: As the effects of SCP-2544 are widely believed by the general population to be a naturally occuring side effect of normal cognition, all personnel previously assigned to its study have been reassigned to Project THOUGHT CONTAGION.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2545 is to be emptied and stored in the low value item storage facility at Site-███. SCP-2545 is to be stored in a low-priority Safe-class containment cell at Site-███. Upkeep is to be assigned to a Level 2 researcher. 500 grams of food are to be inserted into SCP-2545 three times per day. Once per week, SCP-2545 is to be emptied until it is 10% full, and the extraneous contents incinerated. Contents are not to be consumed outside of a testing environment. SCP-2545 should not be kept empty for more than 24 hours.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2546-1 through -600 are stored in a standard BSL-3 facility within Site-234. All work with these samples is carried out in appropriate BSL-3 personal protective equipment and conditions. Personnel assigned to work with SCP-2546 samples should have a minimum of 5 years experience working with retroviruses, of both anomalous and non-anomalous nature. Requests for creation of additional aliquots are subject to level 4 review.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-2547, effective containment is not possible at this time. Towns determined to be susceptible to SCP-2547 manifestation events are to be monitored via remote surveillance and evacuation of the population is to be attempted if deemed possible. Towns undergoing an event are to be dosed aerially with Class A amnestics at the end of the manifestation event.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-2548's astronomical size and location, no physical containment of SCP-2548 is currently possible. Containment efforts are concentrated on Foundation disinformation programs, and preventing the general public from gaining knowledge of SCP-2548. Leading astronomy journals are to be monitored for indications that SCP-2548 has been discovered by non-Foundation assets.
Special Containment Procedures: Worldwide news sources are monitored for events matching the pattern of SCP-2549. In the event of an SCP-2549 incident, elements of MTF Gamma-5 will be mobilized to the location. Any mention of the anomalous circumstances of the incident will be censored from the media, and any non-Foundation witnesses will be administered amnestics and given false memories matching the cover story provided to the media. To prevent a pattern from being established, the cover story for an SCP-2549 incident should not involve an animal attack unless no other explanation is practical.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2550 is to be kept in a standard grade avian containment installation at Site-24's "The Aviary", and is to be provided with at least fifty cubic meters of caged, open-air space for health maintenance purposes. SCP-2550 is to be fed a diet consisting mostly of North Atlantic squid with nutrient supplements sporadically administered as necessary. SCP-2550 is not to be exposed to other members of the species Phoebastria albatrus.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2551 is to be remotely monitored at all times by a permanent staff of at least ten surveillance personnel trained to identify SCP-2551 induction events. Simultaneously, the LETHE algorithm1 is to be run on all feeds at all times. Facial recognition software is to record images of all individuals entering or leaving SCP-2551 for matching to and identification of SCP-2551-1 instances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2552 is currently contained in a standard humanoid containment unit located at Site-17. SCP-2552 is to be fed three meals a day and is allowed fluids upon request. Personnel delivering food or fluid to SCP-2552 are not to interact with it. SCP-2552 is to be allowed access to recreational activities upon request in exchange for cooperative behavior, as well as paper and crayon to make requests. SCP-2552 is to be interviewed on a weekly basis by Dr. Lin. More frequent interviews may be granted upon request, depending on continued cooperative behavior and Dr. Lin's schedule. Interviews with SCP-2552 are to be accompanied by one other personnel of any level. These personnel are not to interact with Dr. Lin during the interview and are not to interact with SCP-2552 at all.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2553's certificate of organization is to be stored in an acid-free archival storage box at Site 76 Site-2331 and guarded by notaries in shifts. SCP-2553's physical legal seal stamp is to be stored in a locked box. The room containing the archival box is to display two flags of the polity in which the containment site is located: one with a yellow fringe, the other without. That polity is to maintain in force a bill of attainder conforming to the specifications in Document IU-2553.
Special Containment Procedures: All wild instances of SCP-2554 are to be destroyed on sight under the guise of controlling an invasive species. Any herbicide capable of killing mundane duckweed is sufficient for these purposes. A public hotline has been set up for ease of gathering possible civilian reports of wild SCP-2554 instances. Failure to completely eradicate SCP-2554 in the wild could lead to a GH-class scenario. An instance of SCP-2554 is kept at Provisional Site Khaf-6 for research purposes. To avoid contact dermatitis and infestation, researchers are to wear biohazard suits at all times while in the presence of SCP-2554. Medical staff at Provisional Site Khaf-6 are to be trained in identifying signs of SCP-2554 infestation.1 Surgical intervention is successful in remedying SCP-2554 infestations. As of ██/██/████, Provisional Site Khaf-6's local carp population is to be utilized along with herbicides and other mundane control methods for SCP-2554 eradication.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2555 is contained on Site, in ██████, Spain. The surrounding area is to be barricaded, with at least 4 Security Officers assigned to the perimeter at all times. As of 05/13/19██, personnel are prohibited from entering SCP-2555.
Special Containment Procedures: An international no-fly zone has been approved by the UN Security Council and NATO in a 200 square nautical mile1 radius surrounding SCP-2556. A racon buoy, additionally fitted with a Geiger counter, has been stationed directly beneath SCP-2556, transmitting to S.C.P.F. Favonius. Any significant change in SCP-2556’s position or radiation levels will automatically report a Burning Arrow-class containment event to Foundation Atlantic Command. S.C.P.F. Favonius will scramble armed fighters in the event of any detected incursion into the no-fly zone.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: Local Mobile Task Force 352-Dalet (“Dixieland Nightmare Magic”) will monitor the movement of SCP-2558 annually with an unmanned surveillance submersible to ensure it is still traveling along Course Panacea.
Special Containment Procedures: Access to any documentation or knowledge about SCP-2559 is to be provided only with the express permission of Biological Research Area 91's Site Director or two members of the O5 Council. Individuals accessing this document must consent to any containment procedures deemed necessary by the Site Director, including (but not limited to) internment for a minimum of 9 days and testing of blood and cerebrospinal fluid at any time after first reading.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2560-01 is to be kept in large document storage locker in Reliquary Site 32. Only three approved Foundation personnel, plus 10 Class-D personnel, are allowed to view more than 256 pages of SCP-2560-01 at any given time for purposes of testing. SCP-2560-02 is currently disassembled pending testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2561 is to be contained within a 2.5m x 1.5m x 2m enclosure constructed from FM radio frequency (VHF) deflecting material within Site-15. Unauthorized electrical conductive material, electrical instruments, and any type of audio transmitters must be kept outside the enclosure to avoid outside VHF interception from the specimen. While inside SCP-2561's enclosure, all personnel are required to wear high-frequency noise cancelling earmuffs. One portable FM radio is to be placed inside the enclosure next to an audio-recording device. The device must be recording at all times, and the radio must be tuned into frequency 169.695 MHz. Researchers are to playback audio recordings bi-weekly to listen for any unusual broadcasts or requests from the specimen to communicate with personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2562-A and -B are contained in Type 2 Humanoid Containment Cells at Site-17. They are permitted one hour of visiting time daily; otherwise, standard amenities and precautions associated with T2HCC are in place. SCP-2562-A has no special medical, dietary, or psychological requirements, and has a Standard Risk Rating of 02/05/00. SCP-2562-B has a Standard Risk Rating of 02/05/03, and is undergoing treatment for type 2 diabetes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2563 is surrounded by a perimeter fence, and is to be patrolled by no less than six members of Mobile Task Force Omicron-3. Any individuals found in or near SCP-2563 are to be removed from the area and told they were trespassing on a private nature preserve. Should any such individuals observe SCP-2563’s anomalous effects, Class-A amnestics should be administered.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2564 is to be fenced off and contained within Provisional Site 467. Containment is to be managed from Site 81. The site perimeter and all rooms within SCP-2564 are to be kept under continuous CCTV surveillance. On-site security personnel are to monitor SCP-2564 and its perimeter to prevent accidental or intentional entry by unauthorized civilians. Any anomalous occurrences are to be reported immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the anomalous properties of SCP-2566, the long-term storage of SCP-2566 has been deemed inviable as a containment procedure. At the beginning of each month, the Assistant Quartermasters at Site-11 are to distribute instances of SCP-2566 as bonus pay among designated employees permanently stationed at Site-11. Those employees are to store their instances of SCP-2566 in their personal SCP-2566 temporary storage containers. By the end of each month, those employees are to return their instances of SCP-2566 to the Assistant Quartermasters in exchange for products from Site-11's commissary. RFID tags are to be attached to all instances of SCP-2566 to facilitate the tracking of their current location and ownership by the Head Quartermaster.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2567 is to remain within the confines of its graveyard territory. The outskirts of SCP-2567's territory must be guarded by no fewer than four security personnel. In the event that SCP-2567 exits its territory, personnel are required to fire upon SCP-2567 to severely damage it and draw it back to its graveyard.
Special Containment Procedures: Each instance of SCP-2568 is to be contained in a cubical enclosure constructed of 9 smaller cubes. Each smaller box will be 9 centimeters on each side, with an error of at most 0.1 centimeters. It must be kept in a room with walls at least 9 cm thick. Paths from the object to the walls, floor, and ceiling should be kept clear of objects that might be harmed by a steel ball appearing inside them.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2569 is stored in an unpowered state in a standard secure locker at Site-15. Experimentation with SCP-2569 may only be performed with prior authorization from Level 3 security personnel and may only be performed in a prepared testing chamber. When powered on, no more than one (1) personnel may be within the 5 meter Red Zone of SCP-2569 except with prior medical clearance and Level 3 Senior Researcher authorization.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2570-1 and -2 are currently contained on a 5-meter radius circular Pyrex platform in the Site-42 Extradimensional Containment Zone. A system of stereos and loudspeakers that constantly play Kanye West's musical albums The College Dropout and My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy (in a staggered format so that there is no pause in the music) is to be arranged in a 4-meter radius around SCP-2570. A backup system should be placed in a 6-meter radius around SCP-2570-1, and is to be moved into the 4-meter radius should the primary speaker system fail. The stereos and speakers are to be tied directly to the Site-42 nuclear power plant, and a backup generator must be in place in case of a blackout.
Special Containment Procedures: A Foundation-operated bot (I/O-MANDELA) is to monitor online communities for discussions regarding SCP-2571. MTF Phi-7 ("The Laughingstock") is to investigate these discussions and make a determination for appropriate action on a case-by-case basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2572 is currently contained in a Storage Chamber within Site-132. Testing of SCP-2572 must be approved by the Project Lead. Subjects approved for testing are to undergo psychological testing prior to and after the test. Subjects who experience prolonged psychological effects are to be administered Class-B amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2574 is currently uncontained, as physical means of containment have proven unable to stop SCP-2574's progress. Large-scale use of amnestics is currently authorized to combat the effects of SCP-2574. Knowledge of SCP-2574 has spread to the point of rendering amnestics insufficient, and populated areas plotted to be in SCP-2574's path are to be evacuated at least 1 week before SCP-2574 reaches the area. The Foundation is currently collaborating with affected governments to repair damage done by SCP-2574 and quell violence both directly and indirectly related to its appearance. Governments are to be discouraged from enacting military strikes, as any attack on SCP-2574 will invariably prove more damaging to both military and civilians than to SCP-2574.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation assets embedded in the astronomical and star-gazing community are to conduct a standard Class 3 disinformation campaign, claiming SCP-2575 was placed into orbit by NASA in 1982 to commemorate the 10 year anniversary of the landing of Apollo 17.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2576 and Joseph Abbasi are contained in a low-security dormitory at Area-12, and are under the jurisdiction of the Foundation Parazoology Department. Joseph Abbasi has expressed no desire to leave Area-12, and as such will likely sustain SCP-2576’s containment indefinitely.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation web-crawlers and embedded personnel in the entertainment industry are to monitor for and prevent any distribution of SCP-2577. Copyrights have been registered under Foundation front corporations for this purpose.
Special Containment Procedures: Global email networks are to be monitored by the Foundation for indicators of SCP-2578-A. If the counter on a confirmed instance of SCP-2578-A reaches 24, a response team from MTF Iota-10 ("Damn Feds") is to be dispatched to the location of the corresponding instance of SCP-2578-B in no more than 10 hours. Over the last two hours, the team will monitor the situation and await further instructions.
Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-2579 are contained at Zoological Containment Site-282. They are to be housed in a large containment enclosure that adequately emulates a Pacific Northwestern forest. Food is to be placed in the enclosure twice daily.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2580 is to be stored in Small Objects Storage at Site-19. SCP-2580 is to be submerged in a sealed container filled with water, which is to be checked weekly for leaks. Document 2580-A is to be stored in the Site-19 physical archives. Physical access to SCP-2580 or Document 2580-A must be approved by a Level-3 researcher. Digital copies of Document 2580-A are to be made available to all Level-2580-1 researchers via Foundation servers.
Special Containment Procedures: As the originating cause of SCP-2581 has not been identified, pre-emptive containment of SCP-2581-X incidents is not presently possible. Containment personnel shall use operatives within Foundation-managed holding companies and analysis of conventional and social media to investigate reports of offensive or vandalized greeting cards for possible SCP-2581-X outbreaks. Confirmed incidents shall be contained through temporary closure of affected premises for the duration of anomalous effects, under the pretense of building maintenance or health code violations.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2582 is contained in its original place of discovery. The business has since been retrofitted with standard containment procedures. SCP-2582 is unable to be moved and a secure perimeter has been set up around its center of effect. The area inside of the store has been partitioned, and the perimeter is monitored by surveillance cameras. Two armed guards with concealed weapons and incapacitating agents must be posted in the inside front of the main entrance at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2583 is kept in a hermetically sealed steel room measuring 4 meters on a side. This room is to only be accessible by an airlock system outfitted with multiple air purification systems, in order to minimize the introduction of additional particulates to the containment chamber. Any personnel entering the chamber must wear BSL-4 biohazard suits in order to not provide shed hair or skin cells to SCP-2583. The chamber is to be connected to a capacitor bank capable of briefly electrifying the interior surfaces of the chamber as needed for deterrence purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: Five instances of SCP-2584 are to be kept in a warm, dry enclosure of appropriate size in the Parazoology wing of Area-12. When an instance of SCP-2584 undergoes binary fission, one of the offspring is to be euthanized and disposed of.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the infrequency of human contact with SCP-2585, containment for the phenomenon is largely self-imposed. The Foundation will operate through various front agencies to minimize climbing attempts of K2 during periods of SCP-2585 activity, and all deaths attributed to it are to be declared a result of avalanche or weather conditions. Terrestrial and satellite observation of K2 is to be maintained continuously. As the nature of SCP-2585 remains unclear, containment procedures are to be considered tentative, however, due to the largely static behavior of the phenomenon, modification of said procedures in the foreseeable future is unlikely.
Special Containment Procedures: UPDATED 2017-02-25
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2587 is contained in a submerged 30 x 30 x 15 meter containment chamber at Marine Site-05. Due to SCP-2587's diet, ocean water is allowed to flow through SCP-2587's containment chamber for feeding purposes. All water that flows through SCP-2587's containment chamber is to be stored in a tank. This water is to be sampled and tested for any foreign material before it is allowed to return to the ocean. SCP-2587 is to undergo weekly ultrasound examinations, and any changes in behavior are to be reported to the current project head.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2588 instances 1 through 23 are currently held at Site 118 in separate standard humanoid containment units. SCP-2588 instances should not be allowed within 5 meters of each other except under controlled testing conditions. Testing with more than 8 instances of SCP-2588 at a single time requires approval by the containment wing director, currently Dr. Sonia Oland. Testing with SCP-2588-1 requires written approval from the containment wing director and the site director.
Special Containment Procedures: The home SCP-2589 was previously located in has been dismantled and incinerated. The area the home was located on has been barred from entry, and has been disguised as an enclosed electrical generator. Witnesses of SCP-2589 have been administered Class A amnestics. Those who have not been located are currently being tracked by Foundation assets, after they are located they are to be administered an amnestic regimen and released.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-2590 itself is not currently possible. SCP-2590 has remained within the city limits of Birmingham, Alabama since it has been under Foundation surveillance. SCP-2590 is fitted with a tracking beacon pinging its location to specialized handheld devices, which are provided to all operatives of MTF Gamma-133 "Street Sweepers".
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2591 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-25.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2592 is housed in a standard humanoid containment cell at Humanoid Containment Site-06-3. In lieu of a standard humaniform entity diet, SCP-2592 is to be fed one bowl containing two sliced Class I (EU) bananas in 350 mL of whole milk daily.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance to SCP-2594 is to be disguised as an abandoned mine and locked, with signs warning of potential cave-ins to deter civilians. Agents posted at Observation Site-2594 are to detain and interrogate anyone attempting to get access, before amnesticising as necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nomadistic characteristics of the population of SCP-2595, containment is to be administrated collectively by Mobile Task Forces Sigma-19-01, -02 and -03 (receiving the callsigns of "Diplomatic Negotiators", "Census" and "Bulldozers", respectively).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2596 is to be kept in a modified containment chamber at Reliquary Site-25, equipped with water drain flooring and transparent plexiglass ceiling. The water drain is to be connected to a storage chamber underneath the containment chamber. The storage chamber is to be emptied once per week.
Special Containment Procedures: In order to prevent a Runaway Acceleration Event, SCP-2597 must be contained within a vacuumized containment chamber. SCP-2597 must be stored on the highest floor of Site 55, in order to minimize damage in the event of a breach. SCP-2597 is to be submerged within a container of liquid mercury, at sufficient depth that the object maintains neutral buoyancy. This is to counteract the force of gravity, and prevent the object's escape through the ceiling.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2598 is to be contained in a Standard Insectoid Containment Cell at Site 19. This cell is to be fitted with a food supply capable of sustaining SCP-2598 indefinitely, as well as a hanging light source1. Personnel who wish to interview SCP-2598 must first complete 20 hours of training in American Morse Code.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2599 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell in Site 118’s Delta Wing. Personnel interacting with SCP-2599 are not allowed to speak to it outside of testing.
Special Containment Procedures: The locus of SCP-2601 is to be secured to a rectangular steel conveyance assembly using bolts. The assembly must be further encircled by a welded steel cage with gaps wide enough to permit physical contact with the locus. The conveyance assembly is to be located at the center of four specially-constructed long term humanoid containment units numbered A through D. Maintenance access to the conveyance interior is possible only via remote-controlled doors inside the containment chamber.1
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2603 is considered an active war zone and should be treated as such on a diplomatic and political level. Any attempts to enter SCP-2603's subconscious should be coordinated with the current Senior Geopolitical Analyst attached to this project, and should only be performed by NCI-IV certified members of Mobile Task Force Omicron-Rho.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2604 is stored in containment cell 92 at Site 39.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2605 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell. SCP-2605 possesses the standard nutritional requirements for a non-anomalous human of comparable age and condition, and is to be fed and maintained appropriately. When it is necessary that SCP-2605 be moved, the subject should be rendered unconscious through the application of sedatives to its food source.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2606 is to be contained in a storage locker at Site-45. Permission from the current Site Director is required prior to removing SCP-2606 from its locker for testing purposes. When removing SCP-2606 from its locker, caution must be taken due to its breakable nature. Before and after all testing, SCP-2606 must undergo complete decontamination, in addition to a thorough wash with soap and water, in order to remove all dust, residue, and extraneous liquid.
Special Containment Procedures: The health of all known SCP-2608 populations is to be monitored closely. Steps should be taken to prevent industrial sources from chemically damaging the environments these populations inhabit.
Special Containment Procedures: Under no circumstances is SCP-2612 to drop The Load. All resources of Site-125 are dedicated to ensuring SCP-2612 receives no sabotage in its carrying of The Load.
Special Containment Procedures: Monitoring of emergency service communication is to be maintained at all times in the affected area. Mobile Task Force Theta-13 ("Bring Out Your Dead") is to mobilize during any detected SCP-2613 events.
Special Containment Procedures: Large-scale dissemination of the falsified information to the public that SCP-2615-A are fictional entities is to be continuously carried out. The claims of individuals that SCP-2615 is real are to be discredited. Any photographic, video, textual, or other information confirming the existence of SCP-2615 is either to be discredited or removed from public availability.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2616 are contained at Site-18 in a 43.2 x 22.9 x 27.9. terrarium. A diet of hummingbird feed is adequate for their nutritional needs. On a cyclical basis, deceased subjects shall be removed and examined if deemed necessary. The objects are not to be separated under current protocols, although these protocols are still under examination by the Ethics Comittee. It is not known whether separation is ultimately beneficial.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its fixed location, Containment Area-57 is to be established to contain SCP-2617 on-site. The perimeter around SCP-2617 is to be fenced in via chain link fence and mounted with eight surveillance cameras. Activation of SCP-2617 is prohibited. Each unique instance of SCP-2617-B is to be kept in Storage Unit 5 at Area-57.
Special Containment Procedures:
SCP-2618 and replicas must be kept in locker 62 at Site-76. Personnel experimenting with SCP-2618 must be given mandatory psychological exams before and after use. If necessary, repeated users of SCP-2618 must ingest 80 mg of sertraline daily.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-2619 are to be kept in a standard, double-doored aviary at Site-23. SCP-2619 instances must be fed an insect diet consistent with that of members of the species Mimus polyglottos (northern mockingbird).
Special Containment Procedures: The current Project Director will maintain ownership of SCP-2620's blog on WordPress. As only SCP-2620 is able to create and delete posts on the blog, Foundation intervention is currently restricted to monitoring of posts and automatic post filtering of any sensitive information as needed. Should filters be unsuccessful in containing a Class-B or higher Information Breach, deletion of the blog and neutralization of SCP-2620 is authorized.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation forces are to maintain a flight restricted zone above SCP-2621. This restriction is to be enforced on all non-Foundation aircraft. A fenced perimeter of 2 kilometers is to be maintained at all times surrounding SCP-2621.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2622 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber furnished with a bed, a dresser of clothes, and a writing desk. Paper and pencil are to be supplied to SCP-2622 upon request. SCP-2622 is to be provided with 300 grams of Dietary Supplement 2622-Alpha, consisting of 25 parts protein paste to 75 parts soil, three times daily. SCP-2622’s chamber is to remain in near-complete darkness unless research access to its cell is desired, in which case the lights may be raised to allow low visibility.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2623 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell at Adjunct Site-394. SCP-2623-1 is to be contained in a specialized, refrigerated containment chamber at Site-394.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2624 is designated to civilian sources as a piece of space debris. All civilians who travel above low Earth orbit are to be interviewed upon landing for evidence of having experienced or seen SCP-2624-1, SCP-2624-2, or SCP-2624-3 and, if necessary, given targeted amnestic treatment.
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance to SCP-2625 is to be sealed off as a dangerous mine prone to collapse. A standard guard picket surrounding the area should be staffed with no fewer than 6 guards on active duty and 6 on reserve. Observation Post 280 has been established as a local center of command in the area to monitor SCP-2625.
Special Containment Procedures: When not in use, SCP-2626 is to be kept in a locked, padded storage container at Site 19. Staff may request permission to use SCP-2626 for research purposes by submitting a written proposal to the Level 3 supervisor, who must be physically present to supervise all use of the item.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation has influenced North Carolina state regulators to close SCP-2627 indefinitely for repairs. Surveillance equipment constantly monitors SCP-2627 and MTF Pi-9 ("Beach Combers") maintains a presence on both sides of SCP-2627 to prevent unauthorized access.
Special Containment Procedures: 214 devices have been observed acting as command and control servers for SCP-2628, of which 168 have been shut down. Efforts by MTF Mu-4 ("Debuggers") operatives to shut down all of SCP-2628's C&C servers are underway; however, SCP-2628's unconventional behavior and technological sophistication has limited the effectiveness of standard anti-botnet measures. See Containment Report 2628-445-C7 for details.
Special Containment Procedures: The cover story about SCP-2629 containing hazardous amounts of asbestos must be maintained. All entrances and exits to SCP-2629 must be sealed and inconspicuously reinforced. Due to the high frequency of daytime visits to SCP-2629 necessitated by Foundation personnel, an underground tunnel has been constructed from SCP-2629 to another Foundation-owned property.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2630 is currently contained in a vacuum-sealed chamber in Site-43's Euclid wing. Following Incident 219-Keynes, testing on SCP-2630 has been forbidden by Overseer order. SCP-2630 should never come into contact with animal products or live animals at any time.
Special Containment Procedures: The four SCP-2631-A instances are monitored by the Foundation CRUCIFORM SNARE satellites preceding them in orbit by 500 m. Additionally the JPL Sentry Program has been co-opted to report any relativistic objects in the solar system to the Foundation. In the event that any of:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2632 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell on floor 7 of Site-88. SCP-2632 may not physically interact with any Foundation staff directly except while being restrained.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2633 instances are to be contained in specialized semi-aquatic zoological containment chambers in the arthropoid wing at Area-12. Atmospheric conditions are to be monitored closely. Any personnel that need to operate in close physical proximity to SCP-2633 instances are to wear appropriate respiratory protection.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2634 cannot be contained due to limitations of three-dimensional perception and tangibility.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2635 is under rotating custody of the Foundation and the Unusual Incidents Unit of the FBI. The UIU will maintain possession of the object at the Tamarack Building from January 1 through June 30. On July 1, object will be transferred to neighboring Foundation facility Site-58.1 The Foundation will keep the object until December 31, at which point it will be transferred back to the UIU facility. At no point should either entity maintain possession of SCP-2635 for over ten months. If this transfer is made impossible, for any reason, personnel stationed at Site-58 are to immediately enact Emergency Protocol Exsul. Note: All dates in this document are according to the modern Gregorian calendar.
Special Containment Procedures: Revised as of ██/██/2014, in response to Incident 2636-Aleph-Exarch.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2637 is stored in sector 34 of site-19. The outer casing of sector 34 has been repurposed as the primary containment structure of SCP-2637 and all access to sector 34 is suspended. Additionally, as of 1931-08-11 any structural change or activity outside the routine procedures of site-19 in the 8 surrounding sectors requires prior approval of the site director. If any doubt concerning the effect of an activity on SCP-2637 is held, please refer to Dr C. Zhu. For details about the alterations performed on the storage unit and monitoring station 34-1 (formerly sector 36), see document 2637-1 (standard site-19 requirements apply unless directly contradicted). Thorough maintenance of the multipurpose deflection tiling must be completed every month, excluding Mélusine cells and the H-stabilizing layer which may be ignored1.
The adjoining tanks must be kept filled up to 2000 m3 at all times. All uncontrolled energy transfer2,3 to or from SCP-2637 must be prevented. Should a variation in pressure and temperature occur despite the measures taken, no attempt should be made to bring them back to their former values4.
SCP-2637 has no mind-altering effect. All reported cases of interpersonal quarrels and verbal escalation during research5,6,7 can be attributed to controversies surrounding the item’s containment and research policies and their enforcement8.
Please note that SCP-2637 now has a budget separate from site-19, and all maintenance, monitoring and human resources related to SCP-2637 should therefore not make use of common site-19 assets. For any concern about funding, please start by reading document 2637-294, and only then contact Dr Malbreil.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2638 is contained in situ at the Souther Family Farm, approximately 6 km northeast of Site-918. SCP-2638 itself is defined as the Souther Farmhouse, 192 m2 in area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2639-C is to be kept secured on-site in an isolated room that is TEMPEST-certified1. Access to SCP-2639-C is limited to Level-4 personnel; testing is currently prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: The rail line that intersects SCP-2640 is to be decommissioned for all commercial or industrial traffic. A 3 m tall electrified fence has been installed in a 1.5 km2 perimeter surrounding SCP-2640.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2642 should follow all standard containment procedures for class-B infohazards, with the addition of biweekly visitation by a single Class-D personnel. Any noted breach of containment should result in the affected area being quarantined for a period of at least two weeks.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-2643 is currently purely informational in nature. Mobile Task Force Nu-9 ("Curiosity") is monitoring its area of activity, tracking yearly movements and maintaining disinformation campaigns to limit public awareness of the anomaly. Due to the range of SCP-2643's effects, amnestic treatments are generally ineffective. In case of an affected individual posing a severe containment risk, amnestic treatments up to and including Omega-class can be approved, but only after approval by two Level 3 personnel, at least one of which must be an Ethics Committee liaison. No direct action is to be taken against low-risk subjects.
Special Containment Procedures: Persons in contact with any host of SCP-2644, with the exception of Foundation personnel, are to be given class B amnestics as soon as SCP-2644 has switched to a new host.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2645 is to be contained within a standard Euclid containment chamber. As of Incident-2645-2, the lighting in SCP-2645's chamber has been connected to a backup generator. Additional changes include the installation of a light tube system to provide a minimum level of natural light without compromising containment, and motion sensors to detect any unexpected activity.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2646 is to be monitored by an onsite Observation Team posted at Site-2646-Beta, posing as a road construction team repairing Route-91. Agents are not to enter the SCP-2646 area or approach SCP-2646-1 unless civilians appear to be in imminent danger. The location of SCP-2646-1 is to be recorded in Log-2646 on a daily basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2647 is impossible to fully contain, but efforts should be particularly focused on blocking online advertisements and encouraging the adoption of digital media over that of newspapers and phonebooks. All analog instances of SCP-2647-A are to be reported and forcibly redacted as inconspicuously as possible.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-2648's low threat level, no task force is currently assigned to containment of SCP-2648 itself. Anywhere from five to seven qualified personnel from nearby Site-42 are assigned to SCP-2648 at random for 28-day intervals before rotating out with the next round of personnel. SCP-2648 must be under constant 24/7 observation, and must be prevented from accumulating any additional matter. As of 07/13/17, SCP-2648 is housed in a standard steel shipping container at the site of its origin, and is approximately 4 meters in diameter with a roughly spherical shape. Offsite containment of SCP-2648 is currently impossible due to lack of cooperation from the land owner, POI-2648, but is pending.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2649 must be contained within a standard animal containment chamber, and is to be provided with at least four ounces of raw meat, of any type, per day. This feeding schedule must be randomized weekly in order to minimize chances of an attempted escape by SCP-2649. Any containment chamber housing SCP-2649 must be lined entirely with ceramic tile or some other ceramic surface. Any personnel interacting with SCP-2649 are to wear boots that have been equipped with ceramic soles.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2650-1 instances are contained in individual Class-II humanoid containment cells in Site-42. Each cell is furnished with a standard child-sized bed, and a wall-mounted television that plays only recorded broadcasts approved for preadolescents. Each instance has a Physical Deterrence Device around its neck, which is to be activated remotely by monitoring guards should it become unruly.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2652 is to be kept in a hospital bed in a modified humanoid containment room at Site 73. SCP-2652 is to be fed three times daily with a nutrient paste providing approximately 2500 kilocalories per day and an appropriate regimen of vitamins and supplements for an adult male, to be delivered into its primary orifice via feeding tube. A bedpan and/or relief tube is to be provided for extraction of waste from its secondary orifice. SCP-2652 is to undergo regular bathing, rotation, and massage to prevent formation of bedsores, and is to receive medical screening and treatment as appropriate.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2653 are to be locked in Site-11's Anomalous Item Storage Locker. No personnel are to be allowed to consume any instance of SCP-2653.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2654 is to be kept in a standard containment locker. Access to the object is to be limited to the purpose of testing and may only be granted by Level 3 personnel or higher. During testing, or in the event a person accidentally uses the object, the subject is to be placed in a standard humanoid containment chamber, and provided with an ample supply of snack food for SCP-2654-1. They must remain in the chamber until SCP-2654-1 appears.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2655 is to be kept in a 0.5 x 0.7 x 0.5 m glass tank, and should be fed a steady diet of small beetles and flies. A pool of water on the left side of the tank should be replaced on a bi-weekly basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2656 is currently held in secure storage at site-15. All research involving SCP-2656 is to be conducted in a testing chamber approved for the study of high levels of type-3 anomalous radiation. All testing requires a minimum clearance of 9m around the object, including overhead clearance. During testing, SCP-2656 is to be supplied power through a 220V type C power outlet connected to an emergency power cut-off box located in an anteroom outside the chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2657 is to be contained within a soundproofed Arthropod containment cell. All surfaces are to be reinforced with 1.5 cm steel plating. Climate-control is to be set to standard-temperate, with corresponding environment to replicate a temperate broadleaf and mixed forest ecoregion, similar to that of the New England-Acadian forests.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2658 is to be kept in Containment Locker 1410 in Site 73. Within the locker, SCP-2658 will be stored in a standard collectible card sleeve, which will in turn be within a standard collectible card toploader.
Special Containment Procedures: The area surrounding SCP-2659 has been designated a marine wildlife protection area. Maritime activity within the protected area requires the approval of a Foundation front masquerading as a joint French-Italian environmental protection task force. Enforcement of the containment procedures is currently the responsibility of the SCPS Lilium (current designation: ITS ██████████ ████████).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2660 is currently held in a standard containment chamber, with an additional set of doors to prevent line-of-sight access to connecting corridors.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2661 has not been contained, but efforts are ongoing to identify the source of its manufacture. SCP-2661-Alpha is contained on-site at its location 10 km south of Ames, Iowa. The land and construction were seized under eminent domain using the cover story that they represent a biological hazard requiring quarantine. Level 2 security is to be maintained. SCP-2661-Beta is at-large and presumed active.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-2662 is primarily focused on preventing unauthorized entry into its containment unit. For this purpose, on-site Task Force Tau-9 ("Belligerent Bodyguards") has been organized to guard SCP-2662's containment unit and keep track of new religious followings focusing on the worship of SCP-2662. Task Force Tau-9 is to use non-lethal methods when dealing with an attempt of unauthorized entry authorized to use lethal force if necessary. All members of Task Force Tau-9 are to be tested bi-annually for cognitohazardous influence.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2663 is to be held in a standard fungal organism containment chamber, kept on an isolated ventilation system. This chamber should be maintained at a steady temperature of 20 degrees Celsius and relative humidity of at least 70%. The chamber should be cleaned biweekly, and all waste products are to be incinerated. SCP-2663 is to be given 80 kg of plant matter treated with a fungal nutrient solution1 every two months. All personnel interacting with SCP-2663 are to wear self-contained breathing apparatuses. Non-essential personnel are not to come within 15 meters of the containment chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: As of this time, SCP-2664 has been reclassified as Neutralized. Investigation into the Global Occult Coalition asset "Gaius Prime" is ongoing.
Special Containment Procedures: The airspace around SCP-2666 is to be monitored at all times. Any unauthorized vessels or aircraft that approach the area are to be intercepted and escorted away from SCP-2666. Class-C amnestics are to be administered to any and all crew members and passengers. No sharp objects or objects that are easily made sharp are to be thrown into SCP-2666. In addition, GPS and satellite imagery containing SCP-2666 are to be edited by embedded agents so that SCP-2666 is no longer visible.
Special Containment Procedures: Public entry into SCP-2667 should be prevented. Foundation researchers have established a permanent station at the site, and have set up a system of alarms and cameras to monitor the location. Warning signs and a cover story have been constructed claiming that the cliff near this site is unstable and dangerous, and that the police will escort trespassers from the site. At least six armed Foundation guards dressed as policemen should be present at the station at all times and take measures to avoid public access to SCP-2667.
Special Containment Procedures: The Khevtuul 1 Command Center has been established within the Foundation Office of Celestial Anomalies for the purposes of maintaining contact with and, when circumstances permit, control over SCP-2669. All available resources within the Khevtuul sub-program of Project Heimdall have now been redeployed with the aim of increasing the distance between SCP-2669 and Earth to the maximum extent feasible. All periods in which SCP-2669 is under control of the Khevtuul 1 Command Center are to be used in furtherance of this goal. Staff are to disregard prior mission parameters.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the remote location of SCP-2670, interaction with outside personnel is unlikely. Despite this, SCP-2670 is to remain guarded, and unauthorized personnel encountering SCP-2670 are to be administered a Class B amnestic and turned over to the local authorities.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2671 is to be stored in a standard storage container, and placed on a pedestal which is to be bolted to the center of the cells floor for testing purposes. All experiments conducted utilizing SCP-2671 must be approved by at least one personnel with Level 3 clearance Project Director Dave McCree (See Addendum 2671-02). SCP-2671 is not to be removed from its containment cell as it is the designated room subject to SCP-2671 effects and may cause unknown alterations to spaces other than its cell. In the even that this does occur, refer to procedure 2671.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: Containment efforts regarding SCP-2675 are suspended: the anomaly is to be destroyed on sight. Engagement of SCP-2675 is optimally conducted by aircraft, as the anomaly has proven both elusive and advantaged against naval units. Neutralization procedures are to be focused on complete thermal destruction of the vessel.
Special Containment Procedures: Observation Room 145-B of Site-25 has been equipped with a magnification device. A perimeter of 50 meters must be maintained between SCP-2676 and all dormitories.1 Testing requires Level 3 authorization. Should SCP-2676 activate outside of authorized testing, Site-25 should be placed on Level-1 lockdown until both Alpha subjects can be located. Further action can be taken at the Site Director's discretion. No anomalous objects pertaining to sleep or dreams should be stored in the same site as SCP-2676.
Special Containment Procedures: All personnel involved in the D-Class recruitment process are to be fitted with Class-A amnestic implants during active recruitment. In the event that personnel are affected by SCP-2677, the implants are to be remotely activated. Mobile Task Force Omega-19 ("Double Feature") is then to complete the recruitment process and assess whether the personnel in question were affected by SCP-2677-A or SCP-2677-B. Personnel under the effects of SCP-2677-B are to be detained.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF Alpha-42 ("Highway Patrol") are tasked with tracking SCP-2678-1 manifestations on major southeastern highways. This includes sightings of SCP-2678-1 instances by Foundation personnel, sightings of SCP-2678-1 instances by civilians, and any and all abnormal civilian reports of events matching descriptions of SCP-2678 activity. MTF Lambda-12 ("Kinkshamers") are tasked with tracking, isolating, documenting, and if possible containing SCP-2678 manifestations as they are discovered.
Special Containment Procedures: A 5 kilometer fenced perimeter has been established around SCP-2679. This perimeter is to be maintained as private property by MTF Nu-5 ("Blind Watchmakers"). Efforts to prevent SCP-2679's ongoing expansion are underway.
Item #: SCP-2680
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2681 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell in Site ██. SCP-2681 may only be removed from its cell by level 2 personnel or higher. Subject's basic needs are to be maintained at all times to prevent the compulsion of SCP-2681-1 instances. Any instances of SCP-2681-1 that attempt to enter the facility are to be sedated immediately and brought into the facility for study. Every 48 hours, SCP-2681 must undergo personal therapy lasting anywhere between 1-3 hours.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2682 is contained in its original place of discovery, an EpiCentre K hardware store (██.██, ██.██) in Kiev, Ukraine. The business has since been retrofitted with standard containment procedures outlined in this document. The object is unable to be moved and a 70 m x 5 m containment cell has been constructed with SCP-2682 at its center.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2683 is to be monitored by a dedicated research team. Any instances of animals of the Proboscidea order entering the anomaly are to be noted. Due to the isolated nature of SCP-2683, confrontation with civilians over containment is unlikely; as a precaution, signs are to be posted at the perimeter stating that the area contains large amounts of hazardous subterranean gases.
Special Containment Procedures: ██████ Beach and the land surrounding it has been purchased by the South Coast Properties, a Foundation front organization, under the cover story that the land is being converted into an exclusive housing development.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its static and distant nature, complete containment of SCP-2686-1 and subsequently SCP-2686 is not at this time feasible. However, as a result of SCP-2686-1's proximity to Outpost Thoth-1, observation equipment has been located near SCP-2686-1 and personnel are to observe the area for any significant changes in conditions or unusual behavior on the part of SCP-2686. Additionally, personnel from Outpost Thoth-1 are to travel via assigned rover to SCP-2686-1 on a weekly basis in order to evaluate the status of SCP-2686. All images captured of SCP-2686-1 by non-Foundation organizations are to be edited in accordance with Security Regulation Document Thoth-1-F.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the widespread use of SCP-2687, Mobile Task Force Gamma-41 ("Bad Science") has been formed to track and contain any uncontained instances of SCP-2687-A and -B.1
Special Containment Procedures: The SCP-2688-A population is aware of SCP-2688's anomalous nature, and have agreed to provide information regarding the history and anomalous properties of the region in exchange for being allowed to continue living within it. No information regarding the Foundation, ORIA or any other Group of Interest is to be released to SCP-2688-A instances, unless as part of an Exchange of Information Agreement authorized by the current Director of Area 58.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2689 are to be kept inside a cabinet humidor at Site-77.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2690 is to be only studied by SCP-2690-A instances. Once every 10 5 2 years, a Foundation researcher is to be sent to Containment Site-2690. Containment Site-2690 is not to have contact with other Foundation sites and is to be monitored by Containment Task Force Epsilon-13 (“De-Wingers”). Any signs of a SERAPHIM-1390 Event are to be met with Procedure ICARUS-2690.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment focuses on keeping tourists, hikers, and kayakers away from SCP-2691 and the area upstream. Both intersections of the unnamed road that SCP-2691 lies on and Highway 81 are to be set up with concrete road blocks and a ranger station manned by a Foundation agent planted within the Park Ranger system. A cover story detailing the area upstream of, and containing, SCP-2691 as a wildlife reservation for recently reintroduced red wolves has been released, and modern maps will be updated appropriately.
Special Containment Procedures: Covert Site-32 has been established in close proximity to Pholegandros City. The station also functions as a clinic to aid civilians affected by SCP-2693-3. Staff are to prioritize treatment of children and the elderly, as the Site's capacity renders treatment of all affected civilians infeasible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2695 is to be monitored and housed within Humanoid Containment Level 1 within Site-04. Personnel may be required to escort SCP-2695 should she find difficulty in walking. Requests from SCP-2695 for entertainment, conversation, or other needs may be put under review by Dr. Pritchard before transference of requested materials.
Special Containment Procedures: A 1 km2 exclusion zone has been established around SCP-2696 under the cover of a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI). Civilian access is to be restricted. Due to its containment procedures requiring the use of classified paranormal technology, access to SCP-2696 and its documentation is to be restricted to members of the Experimental Containment Research Group (ECRG), MTF Theta-77 ("Who You Gonna Call?") and personnel of clearance level 4-2696.
Special Containment Procedures: A partial security fence has been constructed 50 m from the edge of SCP-2697. The entire watershed is to remain closed to the public on the pretext of being a former live-fire range for the nearby Mountain Home Air Force Base. Intruders are to be apprehended by Foundation agents disguised as U.S. Bureau of Land Management personnel, warned of the dangers of unexploded ordnance, and turned away. If necessary, class-C amnestics may be used to deter persistent exploration attempts.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2698 is to be kept in a modified containment chamber at Site-15, lined with a Faraday cage. SCP-2698 is to be connected to an isolated generator via power cable, and an array of solar panels is to be set up as a secondary generator.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-2699, each instance requires different containment protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2700 is held at Secure Bunker-███. Only personnel with 4/2700 Clearance are permitted access to the bunker. SCP-2700 is contained in a 10m x 5m x 10m concrete vault and is not to be transported or tampered with under any circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: A listening post has been established outside the former ███████ State Penitentiary to monitor SCP-2701. Video surveillance is established throughout Cell Block 15, with pre-existing locking mechanisms enabled to limit the mobility of any released subjects. One security guard equipped with full-body restraints is to be present on-site at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Any detected broadcasts or recordings of SCP-2702 are to be intercepted and blocked from public viewing. Civilians exposed to SCP-2702 are to be treated with class B amnestics and released. All instances are to be saved and examined for further research. Level 2 authorization is required to view any recorded SCP-2702 instances.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Forces Zeta-16-01, -02, and -03 (respectively referred to as "Newspaper's Boys", "Gearlist" and "Restraining Orders") have been organized with the purpose of locating the different manifestations of SCP-2703. MTF-Zeta-16-01 is to confiscate all newspapers containing instances of SCP-2703. The newspapers are to be held in a Level-2 Document Locker at Site-98.
Special Containment Procedures: Confirmed or hypothesized villages in which SCP-2704 has taken place are to be attended to immediately by emergency response teams. Social media platforms and other online forums are to be searched by multiple web crawlers for mentions which might confirm an instance of SCP-2704 taking place. Any surviving subjects of SCP-2704 are to be amnesticised upon return, and other documentation regarding an SCP-2704 event are to be removed by whatever means necessary. Instances of SCP-2704-1 are not to be killed on contact.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2705’s position is tracked by triangulation, using a network of gravimetric sensors in installations throughout North America and the North Pacific Ocean. The Foundation is to coordinate with local and international emergency management bodies to organise aid in the event that the object shows signs of initiating a 2705-α event. In the case of a 2705-β event, embedded Foundation assets are to obfuscate and/or confiscate all resulting seismographic data recorded by civilian institutions.
Special Containment Procedures: The area of SCP-2706 is to be fenced off with at least two patrols guarding the perimeter at all times. Should an instance of SCP-2706-2 be located, it is to be retrieved and released into its natural habitat. MTF λ-6 (Elmer Fudds) are to be equipped with standard tranquilizer firearms when searching for an instance of SCP-2706-2.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2707 is contained in a cage of approximately 200 cm in height and 80 cm in length and width. The cage is decorated from a variety of tree branches from its native habitat in South Asia as well as various rocks and recreational equipment. Its water dispenser and food dish are to be changed daily. The containment is to be cleaned once a week.
Special Containment Procedures: As knowledge of the existence of SCP-2708 more than triples the likelihood of being affected by the anomaly, this document should be embedded in an inconspicuous alternate document to prevent unintentional viewing. Personnel viewing this document should do so only if instructed, and should be inoculated against visual cognitohazards.
Special Containment Procedures: The forest within SCP-2709's affected area is to be cordoned with chain link fences and patrolled daily by a security team. Every two months, the forest is to be swept for animal life, and any specimens should be relocated to a part of the forest at least 5 kilometers from the anomaly. Following each sweep, a controlled burn of all vegetation is scheduled for the area of activation to ensure safety of personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-2710's incorporeal and indefinable nature, full-scale containment has been deemed currently unfeasible. Due to SCP-2710's apparent specific targeting of Foundation personnel actively involved in the research of containment measures, personnel thus engaged are required to exercise caution and report any unusual aural, visual or olfactory sensations occurring during work hours. In case of exposure to active SCP-2710 manifestation, personnel are to report to the Foundation's Information Protection Service for further evaluation and decontamination procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2711 is stored in a waterproof compartment in Storage Unit-25, Site-148. Testing of SCP-2711 must be conducted on-site, away from any bodies of water. Related non-anomalous items are stored in Storage Unit-26.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2712 is fully self-contained in the SCP database. Multiple redundant backup files of SCP-2712 are to be stored on all major Foundation mainframes. SCP-2712 is to be read by at least one Level 4 or higher Foundation employee on a daily basis. All efforts are to be made to return Junior Researcher Joshua Andrews to human form. Yeah, we're working as hard as we can to get you back. The AO broke during the test, there's not much we can do until we figured out exactly what happened.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2713 and its surrounding property have been purchased by a Foundation front company to facilitate onsite containment. Approximately 1.4 square kilometers of the surrounding area have been enclosed in fencing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2714 is to be kept in a low-value containment safe at Site-88. On no account are pages 20 and 21 to be opened outside of occasional approved testing. Pages 57 and 58 are to be opened and the contents recorded daily. A standard-issue containment bookmark has been slotted into these pages to avoid opening pages 20 and 21 during the procedure. All documents related to SCP-2714 are to be stored in low-level object supplement folders next to the safe for researcher reference.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2715 is to be kept in a low-security humanoid containment cell in Site 47. All vents leading to and from the subject's containment area are to be connected to an outdoor air supply. SCP-2715's meal schedule is not to be deviated from without the permission and approval of at least one level-three researcher assigned to the subject's containment unit. Site 47’s onsite therapist is to be made available if needed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2716-1 is to be held in an airtight Class-III Containment Vault at Site-98. Testing requires the approval of the Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: A pair of inline, two-ton, one-way pumps constitutes the upstream containment boundary in each of the three known feeder pipes (roughly 2m in diameter) on the intake side of the designated containment zone. These pumps permit ordinary city waste to flow inward, but prevent backflow even under severe flood conditions. Each day at 6AM, 10L of propofol shall be introduced into each feeder pipe via the injection ports.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP- is a DAMMERUNG class cognitohazard. All personnel, regardless of clearance, are forbidden to expose themselves to the Description of this article under any circumstances. Do not tamper with this warning without DAMMERUNG clearance. Do not discuss the existence of this article with any person. No disciplinary action will be necessary, provided you close this article now, and clear your browser cache.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2719 should be kept inside.
Special Containment Procedures: To facilitate containment, the Foundation has converted Awashima Hotel to Provisional Containment Site-123. Site-123's original function as a hotel is to be retained. All calls from GoI-3004 ("AquaS Conservancy for Penguins") are to be logged and archived on Document 2720-Ku, especially information regarding the hotel room SCP-2720 is accessed from and duration SCP-2720 is accessible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2721's interference with the servers of Tumblr, Inc. is to be masked according to standard procedure SP-3937.
Special Containment Procedures: Excavation crews assigned to SCP-2722 are to be rotated on a one-day-on, three-days-off work cycle. All crews are to receive psychological evaluation screenings for signs of abnormal shifts in mental state. Anti-depressant regimens have proven ineffective in counteracting SCP-2722's mental influence, and so avoidance and recovery are paramount.
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance to SCP-2723 is to be surrounded by a standard Type 2 Foundation Outdoor Security Outpost. In addition, the perimeter fence of this outpost is to be fitted with a modified photonic fence system programmed to target instances of SCP-2723-A as they exit SCP-2723.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2724 is, at present, physically uncontainable and must be contained through psychological deception. SCP-2724-A is kept in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-17. Additional supplies requested are to be provided on approval by Site Director Lewis and psychologist Dr. Bauer. In the event of an HP-Loki Dissociation Scenario, aural and visual cognitohazards are to be administered to render SCP-2724-A unconscious. After being successfully re-contained SCP-2724 is to undergo psychiatric counseling to strengthen its identification with SCP-2724-A. On the recommendation of Dr. Bauer, containment procedures available to level-3 personnel and lower are to reinforce SCP-2724's association with SCP-2724-A.1
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2725 is kept anchored in a reinforced hangar at Site-88. Several tracking devices have been attached to its surface for recovery purposes. Instances of SCP-2725-1A or 1B that attempt to escape the containment hangar are to be sedated. The vehicle is to be inspected monthly, and the Site Director has approved of relegating repair operations to SCP-2725-1A under the supervision of security. Personnel are to supply SCP-2725-1A with scrap material for this purpose.
Special Containment Procedures: One instance of SCP-2726, designated SCP-2726-001, is kept on a private ████████ page operated by the Foundation. The account in question must not interact with any other ████████ accounts, and is used exclusively for the purpose of performing research on SCP-2726 and communicating with SCP-2726-A. One individual, currently Dr. Prasad, is to remain the sole direct observer of SCP-2726-001, and must adhere to an appropriate cover story during interactions with SCP-2726-A. As Dr. Prasad and SCP-2726-A have developed a rapport, the cover story restriction has been lifted for the duration of Dr. Prasad's involvement with the SCP-2726 project. See Interview Log 2726-D3.
Special Containment Procedures: Each entrance to SCP-2727-1 is to be closed off upon discovery, and the proceeding area searched for instances of SCP-2727-2. Instances of SCP-2727-2 are to be terminated on sight if found outside of the area containing instances of SCP-2727-1. Testing of SCP-2727 is to be approved by at least one Level 4 Personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: The section of land from which SCP-2728 can be viewed is to be cordoned off, marked as private property, and designated Research Area 27281. Research Area 2728 must be disguised as civilian owned land. All security cameras should be hidden, and subjects who cross into Research Area 2728 must be detained. Detained subjects should be interrogated and given Class C amnestics before being released.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2729 is described to the public as a rare and unusual side effect of PTSD (Post Traumatic Stress Disorder). Foundation fronts (namely Sherman Charleston's Psychological Institute) will claim to be researching the condition, and publish faux articles describing said research at random intervals, preferably not more than once a year. Sherman Charleston's Psychological Institute (or SCPI) will work with the US Department of Health and Human Services to document all cases of individuals affected by SCP-2729, and encourage those affected to seek aid from SCPI. Individuals who do not come to SCPI should be covertly surveyed for any unusual behavior, or for suspicion of anomalous means.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2730 is contained in a standard humanoid containment cell in Site-42. The Gilbert Gottfried in the public eye is a biological facsimile that must be monitored by a covert detail at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: The floor containing SCP-2731 is to be covered at all times in a cast-iron platform that conceals and protects SCP-2731. The platform is to be coated in nonslip padding and fitted with a bolted trap door that can be unbolted and opened to reveal the second layer, a cavity containing SCP-2731 and protected by a secondary door only accessible with Level 2 or above object clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2732 is to be kept at Storage Site-██ in a standard large object containment chamber. SCP-2732-1 is to be stored separately in a security safe with controlled heat and humidity, due to its delicate nature. SCP-2732-2-D instances are to be kept in a cold storage chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment procedure 64-Delta-Romeo (standard containment for anomalous structures, mid-urban) is followed for SCP-2733-01. Two implanted agents are to remain in residence in █████, OK to keep civilians away from SCP-2733-01. Attempts to remove SCP-2733 have been unsuccessful, therefore the room containing SCP-2733 is to be secured by Foundation agents and locked with both keypad and retinal scan.
Special Containment Procedures: All containment cells previously containing instances of SCP-2734 are to be examined for structural weaknesses. All personnel aware of or involved with the containment of SCP-2734 are to be investigated in regards to the events detailed in Addendum 2734-3. A full report of the investigations’ findings will be provided to O5-9.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2735-1 and SCP-2735-3 are to be kept in a transparent airtight glass container filled with fresh water, at least 10 meters cubed, reinforced with steel bars. The water in this container should be continuously aerated with a mixture of hydrogen gas and carbon dioxide. 25% of this water should be drained and replaced weekly. Cultures of anaerobic autotrophic bacteria and archaea are maintained within this container1 for the purpose of feeding SCP-2735-1 and SCP-2735-3. If this container is damaged, SCP-2735-1 and SCP-2735-3 are to be relocated to a secondary container of the same design.
Special Containment Procedures: For its own protection SCP-2736-1 is kept at Armed Site-29, in a standard humanoid containment chamber.1 Subject is allowed a television and a subscription to a newspaper of its choosing; a monthly allowance of $20 $30 $50 $75 $100 $125 US (amount periodically increased to account for inflation) has also been set aside to procure SCP-2736-1 with reading material and other media it may request. Once a week subject is allowed one hour in the small courtyard at the center of Building 11, under the supervision of one guard. Once a year subject is allowed one new photograph each of Patricia Nixon, Tricia Nixon Cox and Julie Nixon Eisenhower. All privileges are contingent on good behavior, and may be rescinded at any time by Project Head/2736. Subject’s health should be monitored closely, as it has a history of phlebitis.
Special Containment Procedures: Personnel working with SCP-2737 must undergo weekly counter-memetic training. Anti-memetic agents are to be employed before and after exposure to SCP-2737. Infected personnel and test subjects are to be treated with amnestics. Formerly infected individuals are to be monitored for signs of possible relapse.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF Lambda-13 (“Inventory Control”), based out of Site-12, is tasked with detecting and containing SCP-2738 instances as they manifest. As tests have shown that SCP-2738 is potentially spread between registers and between retailers through the use of items anomalously transacted using the SCP-2738 program, such as prepaid cards or gift cards, a cover story of SCP-2738 being a credit theft program has been fully developed and spread to the upper management of all major US retailers.
Special Containment Procedures: The apartment building containing SCP-2739 has been purchased by a Foundation front company; the wing of the building containing SCP-2739 is currently being used as a dormitory/safehouse for operatives working within the city of ███████, ██. The head researcher of the SCP-2739 project is to be permanently housed within this dormitory to minimize suspicion from the local populace. The remainder of the building is being operated as a normal apartment complex to generate revenue for local Foundation operations. Excluding the possibility of a security breach (to which standard rules apply), no other containment is necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2741 is to be stored in a standard containment locker. Though its anomalous properties are presumed to be no longer extant, any personnel interacting with SCP-2741 should avoid inserting their hands into the device unless explicitly instructed otherwise.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2744 is to be housed in a standard Small Fauna Containment Cell with environment type "Indoors." Flooring may be of any material standard for "Indoors" environment, although SCP-2744 appears to prefer carpet. Cell should be furnished with at least five (5) different pieces of furniture for human or feline use, with at least one piece of human furniture and at least one cat bed (any bed type is suitable). Ten (10) cat toys of different types should also be kept in the room. To keep SCP-2744 preoccupied and prevent boredom, it is recommended that furniture in the cell promote physical activity and mental stimulation (batting, scratching, climbing, jumping, etc), and that furniture and toys be rotated into use based on SCP-2744's level of interest. Raw fish of any type may be offered to encourage good behavior. Observation through security cameras placed in the cell should be maintained continuously by at least two personnel, one watching each camera feed. Any instance of SCP-2744 becoming incorporeal outside of testing must be immediately reported to site security, and treated as a translocation-type containment breach.
Special Containment Procedures: The floor containing SCP-2745 is currently under use as a Provisional Observation Post д, under the guise of Foundation front "Pacific Constructs International," due to the presence of anomalies E-9400 and E-3149 set in the Zhujiang East Road area. No further containment procedures are required; requests for increased surveillance are under consideration.
Special Containment Procedures: The main entrance to SCP-2746 is to be cordoned off, and is only to be accessible via Storage Room 111-1 (SR 111-1). Due to SCP-2746's location in a heavily populated area, the door to SR 111-1 is to be monitored from Site-45-A, which is tasked with responding to any attempts to vandalize or break in to SCP-2746. This door is to be equipped with a deadbolt lock to prevent civilian interference.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation watchdog algorithms are to monitor online and print media for mention of SCP-2747-positive keyphrases. All matches are to be tagged and forwarded to the Department of Analytics, which will provide further confirmation of SCP-2747 manifestation. In case of positive identification, all affected media are to be suitably corrected via standard Foundation media alteration protocols (912-A "TWILIGHT ZONE", 943-A "POISONED WELL").
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation has purchased SCP-2748 from the Chinese government for long-term containment. SCP-2748 is publicly recognised as a private property of a Foundation front company, and has been isolated from adjacent roads via Foundation-instigated landslides. Outside of approved tests, no land vehicle is to travel on SCP-2748. Prior to placing test materials onto SCP-2748, it is to be cleared of all other live and deceased vertebrate animals.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2749 and SCP-2749-A instances are to be kept in separate containment lockers in Site-73 at all times. Interaction with SCP-2749 must only be done through the use of remote control, as this method has proved acceptable to circumvent the items' anomalous effects. No further containment procedures are necessary at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: Currently, the Foundation has 3 SCP-2750 instances in containment. SCP-2750 instances are not permitted to change their appearances for any reason. Any changes in appearance are to be noted, and SCP-2750 instances are to be punished accordingly by revoking certain privileges.
Special Containment Procedures:
All SCP-2751 instances are to be housed in an indoor kennel at Site-██, consisting of four military-grade canine housing units housing four instances each and a communal run 100 meters by 50 meters. Canine housing facilities are to be expanded as needed to accommodate any future instances. A circular in-ground swimming pool 10 meters in diameter is to be allowed access at all times will be made available under supervision only. Instances are to be fed on a diet of standard canine dog food and require no water. Appropriate toys and other materials are allowed. Cleaning of the run is to take place once per week. All instances are to be properly groomed as needed.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Alpha-4 ("Pony Express") is tasked with the identification and interception of SCP-2752 instances before they are sent to the addresses of their respective recipients. A scanned copy of each recovered SCP-2752 instance is to be produced, and stored in Archival Sector 7 at Site-64. After scanning, original copies may be incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: A Foundation-operated bot (I/O-SILVER) is to monitor internet traffic for SCP-2753. Upon discovery, all data containing SCP-2753 is to be destroyed. Anyone outside of Foundation personnel aware of SCP-2753 is to be apprehended, interrogated, and amnesticized.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2755 is to be stored in a standard biological item vault outfitted with a drain for excess fluids.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2756 affected material and personnel are to be restricted solely to SCP-2756-A, SCP-2756-B and Site-██. Personnel found affected by SCP-2756 are to be reassigned to the Site-██ detail. Affected civilians are to be detained at Site-██ indefinitely.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2757 is to be stored in Storage Locker 15 at Site-██ when not in use. SCP-2757-1 instances are to be stored in Filing Cabinet ██. Access to SCP-2757 and SCP-2757-1 requires Level-2 clearance. Watchlist databases have been updated with SCP-2757 information, so any shipments of SCP-2757 and SCP-2757-1 can be intercepted and secured.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2758's effects were inherently limited to Room G14, Safe-Class Containment Wing A4, Site-42; SCP-2758-A, the only remaining component of SCP-2758, is required to remain in Room G14. No attempt should be made to remove SCP-2758-A from Room G14 through any means.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its size and location, SCP-2759 is to be surrounded by 4.5m high barbed wire fencing and patrolled by security personnel until a better form of containment is established. Additionally, remote audiovisual surveillance should be strategically installed around the perimeter and throughout its containment area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2760-1 and SCP-2760-2 are currently contained in Cell 5 and 6 of Site-30 Aerial Containment. Interaction between both instances may be allowed on a weekly basis, to maintain each instance's morale. Surveillance systems inside each cell may be equipped with additional protection, if either instance of SCP-2760 attempts to manipulate them.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2761 is currently stored in a lead-lined Class-B Semi-Aquatic containment unit in Site-71. Clearance for SCP-2761 research is available to Level 2 personnel and higher; research of SCP-2761 genetics is limited to Level 3 personnel and above. Though carnivorous, SCP-2761 must be supplied a steady diet of fruit to minimize the carcinogen output in its waste1. As such, Site-71 personnel assigned to SCP-2761 must set aside time to restock food supplies every week.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2762 is currently irretrievable without phenomenal resource expenditure. Until an affordable method for locating and retrieving it without compromising secrecy is proposed, physical containment of SCP-2762 is to be considered unnecessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2764 is currently located in █████ ████, Antarctica. All civilians are to be kept outside of a 150 km radius from the object. This radius is to be strictly monitored by Mobile Task Force Eta-5 ("Jäeger Bombers"), containment battalion 4α.
Special Containment Procedures: Civilian vehicles and Foundation convoys are permitted to use roads affected by SCP-2765 to travel. SCP-2765 is neutralized as of 2003.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2767, in its tins, is to be kept within a storage locker at Site 15. SCP-2767 is not to be painted onto the walls of a room any number of rooms simultaneously without permission of the SCP-2767 head of research. Any wall treated with SCP-2767 must be cleared completely within 48 hours of application.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2768-1 is kept in a standard humanoid cell, equipped as a nursery. A team of pediatric physicians and nurses are to be kept available at all times for appropriate care needs.
Special Containment Procedures: ENCOURAGEMENT! YOU WILL PERCEIVE THESE PROCEDURES ACCURATELY. ATTEMPT TO CARRY THEM OUT MANUALLY. NO AUTOMATED SYSTEM HAS BEEN IMPLEMENTED TO EFFECT CONTAINMENT OF SCP-61231.
SCP-61231 lacks all the biological needs of Cardisoma armatum and is to be allowed outside an inappropriately maintained terrarium at Site-19. The terrarium is to remain covered and the cell door is to remain locked. 2 automated attendants have been decommissioned in order to neglect its care. Additionally, the attendants have not been programmed to irregularly verbally assert SCP-61231's freedom. Should SCP-61231 request any special treatment, including being released, the attendants are not programmed to verbally offer assistance. Subsequently, fulfilling these requests is necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: All ships must be prevented from approaching SCP- 2770. Instances of SCP-2770 are to be tracked by Mobile Task Force Gamma-6 ("Deep Feeders") via Foundation orbital assets and intercepted by Gamma-6 vessels. Anyone seen attempting interaction with SCP-2770-1 is to be detained before contact is made and administered Class-B amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: At least 15 armed personnel trained in Procedure 366-Tutella are to be available at Area-2771 at all times, in approximate SCP-2771-1 garb. Should SCP-2771-1 appear at any other Foundation facility, security personnel are to point insistently to the location of Area-2771 on a map until they disperse.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-2772 is currently immovable, a soundproofed containment unit has been built around it. The property SCP-2772 manifested in has been purchased and Cryptography Task Force 2772-08 has been stationed on-site. Cryptography Task Force 2772-08 is to also to function as the containment unit's guard. Unauthorized individuals found attempting to enter the property are to be detained and questioned of any potential relation to SCP-2772 or Incident 2772.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation privately owns the property SCP-2773 occupies. Any trespassers are to be turned away with the explanation of ongoing renovations. Radiation and thermal sensors are to be placed around the perimeter of SCP-2773 and checked twice daily for any fluctuations in the size and intensity of SCP-2773-1.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2774 are to be destroyed upon recovery. Webcrawler A03G32 has been set to monitor and scan all forms of online visual media for SCP-2774-A and alert recovery teams upon detection. Teams are assigned to monitor Internet and live television for SCP-2774-A. If detected, recovery teams are to be dispatched immediately. Any personnel who are exposed to an instance of SCP-2774 for more than five seconds are to be issued Class C-Amnestics and temporarily relocated to Site-116. Due to the nature of SCP-2774, it is recommended that researchers assigned to SCP-2774 have some form of deuteranopia1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2775 is currently uncontained, due to the extreme logistical difficulty of attempting containment. Indirect containment of SCP-2775 is currently being undertaken by intercepting phone calls from the point of origin for SCP-2775 to SCP-2775-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2776 is to be contained in a high security, lead-lined humanoid domicile at Area 11. No fewer than four heavily armed security personnel are to be stationed outside of the domicile.
Special Containment Procedures: The area surrounding SCP-2777 has been registered as private agricultural land in ██████ government databases. Any individuals who approach the perimeter surrounding SCP-2777 are to be detained, interrogated, administered Class A amnestics, and then released. Evidence of SCP-2777 in satellite imagery is to be destroyed. Site-██ has been established 30 km south of SCP-2777’s southern tip. All personnel assigned to SCP-2777 are to evacuate to Site-██ in the event that a restructuring event occurs and is not localized to SCP-2777.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-2778's stationary nature and its existence within Anomalous Item Research Site 4 (AIRS-4), minimal containment procedures are necessary. A new D-Class restroom has been constructed on the floor below SCP-2778, and D-Class personnel previously assigned to AIRS-4 have been reassigned to different projects. A standard Level-3 passcode lock has been placed on the door leading to SCP-2778 to prevent unauthorized entry.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2779 is to be kept with other low-level anomalous objects in the Area-12 Parazoology Department pens. SCP-2779 is to be fed and cared for as designated by the pen handler. To withdraw SCP-2779 for testing, please contact the farm supervisor and fill out Form-12-147-R. Unless necessary for testing, no more than one test is to be performed on SCP-2779 per day.
Special Containment Procedures: The house containing SCP-2780 is to be occupied by Foundation security officers belonging to the Temporal Division to prevent unauthorized access. To prevent unnecessary attention from neighbors and municipal authorities, the on-site security officers should portray themselves as a couple in a committed relationship to all neighbors and passers-by; the house will be deeded in their name for legal purposes. All doors, windows, and locks have been upgraded to bullet- and shatterproof variations. Security officers are encouraged to continue regular maintenance of the house over the years of occupation duty. The Foundation will arrange a transfer of possession between sets of security personnel that resembles conventional moving-out and moving-in activities over the course of the Foundation's period of active occupation.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-2781's widespread habitat, conventional containment is currently not possible. Mobile Task Force Zeta-66 ("Triangular Dragon") is assigned to verify all sightings of SCP-2781. Civilians who have encountered SCP-2781 instances are to undergo amnestic treatment. All civilian vessels are to be diverted from all identified habitats of SCP-2781.
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance and a perimeter of SCP-2782 are to be monitored at all times. Although SCP-2782 has not yet proven itself to be outwardly hostile, the door to the room should be guarded by at least two armed personnel at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Complete information regarding SCP-2783 is restricted to individuals with Level 5 Security Clearance. Physical access to SCP-2783 is likewise restricted to personnel with Level 5 Security Clearance and requires Overseer permission. Personnel assigned to SCP-2783 must undergo appropriate amnestic therapy upon reassignment. Exploration must be carried out by personnel qualified in basic extradimensional exploration procedures. Standard non-hostile environment exploration equipment and supplies are required for all explorations. Man-portable exploration drones, man-powered vehicles (such as bicycles), and other surveying equipment may also be permitted on a case-by-case basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2784 instances are to be discreetly monitored at all times. The SCP-2784 containment team is to administer amnestics to civilians that become distressed by SCP-2784 instances. Foundation-approved psychological counselors must be available in case an SCP-2784 instance realizes that it is experiencing a hallucination and becomes distressed.
Special Containment Procedures: The current instance of SCP-2785 is to be kept within a standard Euclid-class containment cell. The room is to be completely barren with no furniture, and observation of SCP-2785 is to take place using security cameras behind bulletproof glass. SCP-2785 does not require sustenance. No materials containing metal of any kind are allowed within SCP-2785's cell. The outer layer of SCP-2785's cell is to be lined with a layer of lead that is to be inspected biweekly for damages.
Special Containment Procedures: A monitoring station is to be established in the vicinity of SCP-2787-2 (Station 2787-05) to allow constant surveillance of SCP-2787-2 at all times by both electronic and visual means. A compatible file corresponding to the original design, designated SCP-2787-2’, is to be open within a computer running an SCP-2787-1 instance at all times; if any change in SCP-2787-2 is observed this file is to be saved immediately and Head Researcher SCP-2787 notified. The Foundation is to monitor internet traffic for SCP-2787-1, and any instances discovered are to be replaced with non-anomalous versions.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2788 is to be confined within Provisional Humanoid Containment Site-888 at all times. All essential members of staff at Site-888 must be citizens of the People's Republic of China who hold valid hukou1 that identify themselves as residents of Huaxi Village. As an incentive for continued cooperation with the Foundation, requests made by SCP-2788 to purchase luxury items using its own financial assets may be approved by the Site Director on a case-by-case basis. The current worldview of the inhabitants of Huaxi Village is to be maintained through the deployment of propaganda in favor of the status quo and economic manipulation by Foundation front companies.
Special Containment Procedures: Any discovered instances of SCP-2789 are to be immediately destroyed to prevent further spread. MTF-Xi-17 'Cross Country' is currently assigned to locating instances as soon as they appear via investigating new instances by monitoring social media and other mediums, and reports of mass recording software failure in patterns that bear similarity to those of SCP-2789. As of this writing, SCP-2789-1 is currently not in containment, but members of MTF-Xi-17 have been instructed to make all possible attempts to detain it. A standard humanoid holding cell has been prepared in the event that SCP-2789-1 is successfully obtained.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2790 is contained in a Class 2 Deep-Water Aquatic Containment Tank in Site-54 where it cannot be touched. As of this time, personnel are freely invited to splash around and play with him. SCP-2790 should not be touched, and must always be hand-fed. All forms of physical contact with 2790 are allowed and encouraged except touching. Rub his belly while feeding him, especially while feeding him treats - he loves treats. Hug him before and after playtime. Personnel that do not wish to make contact with 2790 should be coerced into playing with him. SCP-2790 must be loved with lots of care. Poke him and prod him and hug him and squeeze him and rub against him and play with him but don't touch him. Personnel that touch 2790 will be severely punished.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2792 is to be contained in Secure Holding Cell 368 (SHC 368) on Site-45-C. SHC 368 has been modified to tolerate a minimum internal temperature of -225° C. Equipment and luxuries expected to interact with SCP-2792 must also be equipped to survive these conditions. SHC 368 must be equipped with high-capacity heating vents to counteract extreme cold in the case of an emergency or emotional instability.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation assets are to regularly remind extant space agencies of the risks involving exploration of Saturn's rings to prevent possible discovery of SCP-2793. If a non-Foundation mission attempts to access the rings of Saturn it is to be sabotaged and a cover story issued. Misinformation campaigns are to remain on constant standby to dispute any discovery of SCP-2793. Non-Foundation personnel who become aware of SCP-2793 should be administered Class-C amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2794 is to be kept in a standard containment chamber at all times. This enclosure is to be cleaned on a monthly basis. The waste produced by SCP-2794 instances is to be stored within a secure landfill area (Site-898).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2795 is to be contained in a replica suburban home at Site-██ for experimental purposes. Outside of sanctioned testing, SCP-2795 is not to be issued any verbal commands. No further containment procedures, such as guards or interaction outside of experimentation, are necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the low priority placed on testing SCP-2796, the Foundation maintains a stock of roughly 100 litres of SCP-2796 in Site-22 low-temperature long-term storage. As it has been observed that the substance is stable in low temperatures, stock monitoring have been downgraded to annual inspection. (As of this revision, the next scheduled inspection is 06/04/1997).
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-2797 must not come in contact with any form of biological material. Personnel must utilize hazmat suits capable of withstanding scratches and bites by the SCP-2797 instances.
Special Containment Procedures: The site of the Zambezi Superdeep Borehole (designated as Site-2) is owned and operated by Energie Namur NV, a Belgian energy exploration firm and Foundation front organization. All operations at Zambezi are to be disguised as natural gas extraction activities to potential observers and the government of Mozambique.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2799-1, SCP-2799-2, SCP-2799-3, and SCP-2799-4 are contained in separate anomalous item storage lockers at four separate Foundation facilities: Site-77, Site-59, Site-██, and Site-██. No personnel under Level 3 clearance may be made aware of the precise location of more than one item. No personnel under Level 4 clearance may be made aware of the location of more than two. Access to the complete record of SCP-2799's location is restricted to Level 5 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2800 is to be contained in a modified standard humanoid containment chamber that features a large sun lamp. SCP-2800's hero syndrome and dysthymia are to be regularly monitored by psychologists.
Special Containment Procedures: A copy of SCP-2801 is currently held at Site-19.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the massive population and widespread distribution of SCP-2802, complete containment is impossible. The Foundation has therefore decided to focus on observation, tracking, and destruction. A global contingent of Foundation field agents has been assigned to capture specimens belonging to the taxonomic subfamily Picinae and conduct medical examinations and scans in order to determine their status as non-anomalous Picinae or as specimens of SCP-2802.
Special Containment Procedures: Area-2803 has been established around the perimeter of SCP-2803 with a public front as a military base. Satellite footage of SCP-2803 is to be expunged from Internet map data. Exploration of SCP-2803 is only to be carried out via remote drone.
Special Containment Procedures: UPDATED 2021-05-05
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2805 is to be contained within a cryonic containment unit located within Site-77. No personnel are permitted to directly view SCP-2805, and must do all observation through closed circuit cameras. Any Foundation employees who have worked on or around SCP-2805 and subsequently leave employment of the Foundation are to be monitored. Any former personnel who worked with SCP-2805 are to be prevented from taking up employment with The Walt Disney Company.
Special Containment Procedures: Individual instances of SCP-2806 are to be kept within high security electronics storage containers within the storage wing of Site-64. All testing involving SCP-2806 requires prior approval of site command. Testing of SCP-2806-6 requires additional approval by the site Ethics Committee. Following testing, instances of SCP-2806 are to be cleaned of any host remains, sanitized, and inspected for damage before being returned to storage.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment is focused on controlling access to SCP-2807. Due to its useful effects, Site-04 has been converted to a medical site.
Special Containment Procedures: Personnel are neither required nor encouraged to take action regarding SCP-2808. Orders or incentives to interact with or research SCP-2808 are invalid. Any action taken regarding SCP-2808 must be done of the given personnel's volition and on their own time.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF Eta-18 “Voyager Voyeurs” has been tasked with use of digital assets to analyse holiday photos posted online for evidence of anachronistic content.
Special Containment Procedures: Cultures of SCP-2810 are contained in vacuum-sealed glass flasks in the Site-42 infectious materials lab. Captive instances of SCP-2810-1 kept for study should be contained in Level-4 Biohazard Containment Cells, with no more than 1 instance per cell. Mobile Task Forces Beta-7 (Maz Hatters) and Lambda-12 (Pest Control) are tasked with investigating and neutralizing all wild instances of SCP-2810-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2811 is to be kept in a storage locker in Site-11. SCP-2811 is to be taken out of containment at least once every twenty minutes to prevent further modifications to text body.
Special Containment Procedures: Observational Site 81-2 has been established thirty km from SCP-2812-1 along the SR ██ exit on US ██, currently posing as an abandoned used-car dealership. This site is to be staffed with no fewer than three Foundation agents posing as local law enforcement, and two staff researchers. Due to the nature of SCP-2812-1, and the effect it has on human behavior and local architecture and engineering, the on-site staff is to be rotated out once every four weeks, and exiting staff will undergo routine physical and mental health examinations.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-2813's anomalous nature is predicated on maintaining its current identification as 13 Catherine, a natural small solar system body. Government sanctioned missions to observe 13 Catherine, manned or otherwise must be prevented in order to preserve containment. Due to its distance and small size, 13 Catherine's true nature is currently not known to terrestrial observers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2814 is to be contained in a steel security box. Access to this box requires the approval of two (2) Level 4 personnel, at least one of which must be the Site Director. SCP-2814 is not to be worn outside of approved testing; violation of this protocol warrants immediate termination.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2815 is to be monitored on a 24-hour basis by members of MTF Epsilon-6 “Village Idiots”1. Task force agents are to periodically make visits to the village variously disguised as government and county officials, law enforcement officers, tourists, researchers, construction workers and out-of-town service personnel. Agent Balogh is to infiltrate SCP-2815 via initiating a romantic relationship with an instance of SCP-2815-1 (designated SCP-2815-1-A), with the aim of marrying into the family, producing offspring and (unless posing significant danger to containment) be officially inducted into the community. Agent Balogh is then to record and/or document any anomalous or otherwise suspicious activity via any means possible and transfer the data to Foundation researchers for analysis and study. Agents Hegedüs, Kolompár and Lakatos are to make contact and attain a working level of trust with the local Roma community, whereupon they will be co-opted into surveillance operations.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2816 is currently located in a storage locker in Site 28. Instances of SCP-2816-1 are to be recovered and placed in Site 28 storage room 5C in front of a CCTV camera.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2817-1 is to be treated as, for all intents and purposes, a standard Foundation D-Class and may be used in testing with Safe objects that do not display harmful properties, as a way to occupy its time, between performances of Procedure-453-Palmyra. At the end of every month, SCP-2817-1 is to be escorted with an armed guard to the eastern grounds of Wing-3 to complete Procedure-453-Palmyra. During this time, SCP-2817-1 is to be handled, referred to, and treated as an SCP object according to protocol. SCP-2817-1 is to be granted mandatory psychological counseling every week related to Complex Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, particularly the form commonly known as “Stockholm syndrome.”
Special Containment Procedures: All collected instances of SCP-2818-[2-17] are to be kept within a high-security storage locker at Site-71. SCP-2818 instances are only to be removed from storage for testing purposes. Testing may only be carried out at a suitable, modified firing range with specialized lead impact points for collection.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2820 is contained in the Provisional Containment Wing of Site-42. Research into SCP-2820's origins and methods of destroying it are underway.
Special Containment Procedures: A perimeter is to be established in the valley surrounding the Foundation-acquired residence at the foot of Madone di Càmedo, which functions as a rendezvous point for Foundation personnel and SCP-2822.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the unpredictable location, wide range, and spontaneity of SCP-2823 events, physical containment of SCP-2823 is currently impractical. Foundation personnel in the Environment Agency are to monitor flood defences throughout the East of England for potential SCP-2823 events, and surveillance cameras have been fitted at all pumping stations deemed at risk from SCP-2823.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2824-1 is to be covered evenly by no less than five centimetres of regolith. Observation is to be maintained via remote security camera. At 2 month intervals, crystals at the perimeter are to be examined for growth. If growth from original observation point exceeds 10cm, affected section is to be pruned back to original length. Removed sections are to be collected and packaged for transfer to Site-76 for analysis. Experimentation on and attempts to curtail SCP-2824-1's growth are currently suspended, pending review.
Special Containment Procedures: Observation Post 30 has been established on the perimeter of SCP-2825, and maintains surveillance and barriers surrounding SCP-2825. Collaboration with Marloth Nature Reserve Rangers and acquisition of property within the reserve has assured that no hiking trails lead nearer than 5km of SCP-2825. Containment of SCP-2825-B instances has been permitted, to further understand biological modifications to affected species.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2826 is kept in a storage locker furnished with redundant fireproofing material at Site-19.
Special Containment Procedures: Provisional Exclusion Zone-2827 has been established in a 3km radius around SCP-2827's current location, using a hazardous waste disposal area as a front.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2828 is currently uncontainable and is ubiquitous in global populations. However, risk of breach of security or public discovery is deemed very low, as it is undetectable without the use of strong mnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2829 are to be contained in a standard biological containment cell at Area-12. All personnel entering the containment cell must wear a level A hazardous materials suit at all times. All personnel coming in contact with SCP-2829 must also be on a strict regimen of depressant drugs to suppress endorphin production and must be rotated every month after a thorough psychological evaluation. Each instance of SCP-2829 is to be tagged with a Teflon-coated chip for identification, with new instances being tagged as early as possible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2830-1-A through -O are to be secured in Foundation Garage 020-2830. The only unredacted copy of SCP-2830-3 and the original copy of SCP-2830-4 are to be secured in standard Safe-class files in Regional Headquarters 020-Bēth.
Special Containment Procedures: The known population of SCP-2831 is to be kept in a one square kilometer area surrounded by barbed wire topped chain link fence. Civilians are to be told the area is a protected habitat of the European pine marten (Martes martes). Civilians attempting to enter are to be apprehended, expelled and threatened with legal action if they return.
Special Containment Procedures: Prototype Testing Facility 145 has been evacuated, with only a skeleton crew remaining to monitor SCP-2832. Site-22 will no longer be used to contain anomalous objects1, instead serving as a staging area for the SCP-2832 containment team.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2833 instances are to be held in individual modified humanoid containment cells at Site-147, equipped with hermetically sealed walls and an observation window made of laminated ballistics glass. These cells are to undergo daily remote decontamination. Each SCP-2833 instance is to be supplied a bottle of mineral water and nutrients capsule thrice per day, delivered via inbuilt pneumatic tubes. Interviews conducted with any SCP-2833 instances are to be done via remote microphone.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2834 is to be stored in a high security containment vault at Site-██. Testing of SCP-2834 is currently not authorized. The exact location of SCP-2834 is to be known only to O5 Council members and staff deemed essential in their discretion for continued containment of the object. Due to the theoretical capacity for SCP-2834 to cause a ZK-Class reality failure, any unauthorized personnel attempting to access SCP-2834 or its file are to be terminated on sight.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2835 is to be permanently contained in its locker at Site-59. As its anomalous effects only surface when a human subject plays SCP-2835 in a VCR, further viewing has been prohibited by the order of Dr. Naismith.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2836 is to remain secured in a standard humanoid containment cell equipped with a water resistant high rise ceiling. Communication with the subject outside of approved interviews is not advised. During said interaction, SCP-2836 is to be provided with a suitable covering for its mouth in order to speak clearly and maintain steady breathing.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2837 are to be kept at separate Sites. No instances are allowed to be at the same Site for any period of time without the consensus of both the lead researchers on SCP-2837 and the Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-292 has been established below SCP-2838 under the guise of a privately-run observatory. Trespassers are to be dealt with according to standard Foundation protocols. Visual concealment protocols (574-A "Curtain Call", 574-C "Clouded Mountain") are currently in place to obscure SCP-2838 from public view. Any aircraft attempting to pass through SCP-2838 are to be intercepted and redirected to a different flight path.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2840 is contained within three nonviolent D-Class hosts housed in a humanoid containment suite within Satellite Building C at Site-66. These three hosts must follow a sleep schedule as outlined by Dr Bridge and are permitted entertainment material as requested.
Special Containment Procedures: Fences and a security door are placed at SCP-2841’s entrance. The area is to be monitored for civilians, who are to be escorted out and given Amnestics if applicable. SCP-2841-4 can only be entered with the signed permission of Site Director Xue Qing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2842 is kept in a Type 2 Humanoid Containment Cell at Site-17. Standard amenities and precautions associated with T2HCC are in place. SCP-2842 has no special medical, dietary, or psychological requirements, and has a Standard Risk Rating of 02/05/00.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation has at this point successfully fabricated an in-effect EAB quarantine1 for the area housing SCP-2843, thus establishing legal mandatory isolation. Additional security is provided through surveillance camera monitoring along with a perimeter gate. Testing of SCP-2843 requires the presence of at least 3 cleared personnel who will maintain a minimum distance of 15 meters between them and SCP-2843-1 at all times. Test subjects entering SCP-2843 are to be equipped with a two way radio and optional mounted camcorder for communicative purposes. Subjects exiting SCP-2843 unimpaired at the end of the test may be escorted out and debriefed as soon as possible. Individuals displaying side effects of dysmetropsia after reemergence must be allowed to rest for several minutes prior to questioning. Those unable to emerge from SCP-2843 are not to be pursued.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2844-A is to be contained via a Faraday Cage within a lead-lined modular containment cell at Provisional Site-2844. Electronic equipment, with the exception of approved audio and video recording devices, are prohibited from SCP-2844-A's containment cell. Under no circumstances are any unauthorized personnel to approach or interact with SCP-2844-A.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Tau-11 "Can Openers" onboard the SCPS Pristine SCPS Nikolai are to maintain a perimeter around active SCP-2846 activation areas. In the event of an SCP-2846-A appearance event, MTF T-11 is to utilize the Kensington-Berryman high-power transmitting device to communicate with SCP-2846-B, and then to maintain contact with SCP-2846-B throughout the engagement.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-2847-1, Site-144 has been constructed as a means to secure its perimeter.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2849 is currently cordoned off from public access and monitored by personnel at Site-64 using security cameras positioned both outside and inside of the facility. A 3m tall fence has been constructed around the perimeter of the property. The area is patrolled twice a day, at 06:00 and 18:00, by Foundation personnel posing as Portland police officers to deter civilians from entering the area.
Special Containment Procedures: One colony of SCP-2850 is to be maintained in a 1m x 1m x 0.5m terrarium. Once per week, SCP-2850 is to be provided fresh water containing a high concentration of calcium. Once per month, one (1) instance of SCP-2850 is to be introduced to a D-Class subject for the purpose of colony propagation. Following successful infection all remaining instances are to be incinerated at temperatures greater than 950 degrees Celsius.
Special Containment Procedures: All walls in Wing 9 of Site-47 are to be painted red. Personnel working at Site-47 are encouraged to wear at least one red article of clothing, and to decorate their homes and workstations with the color red. All documentation concerning SCP-2851 must include red text or a red background.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-2852 is to focus on tracking and disruption of incidents, where possible, and general monitoring of SCP-2852 compatible population centers. All individuals involved in Blue-Level and White-Level events are to be monitored extensively, and their identities are to be given to local law enforcement as potential terrorist threats. Even when disrupted, individuals involved in Blue-Level and White-Level events are to be cataloged, and their names are to be sent to local law enforcement agencies. Individuals witnessing the disruption of either event are to be given Class-B amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-2853, containment is only partially feasible. A perimeter is to be established in a 250 meter radius of SCP-2853 and heavily monitored for activity. All civilian access points should be appropriately closed down under the guise of military operations.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2855 is to be held within a standard humanoid containment chamber within Hall ██ of Site-██.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2857 is to be placed in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-17. SCP-2857's dietary requirement is limited to Hainanese chicken rice.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2858 instances are to be stored in individual lockers located in Site-43's Low-Value Anomalous Items wing. MTF Β-2 ("Bubble Trouble") are currently responsible for monitoring the appearance of SCP-2858 instances, following the criteria supplied by the Department of Meta-Analysis study.
Special Containment Procedures: All confirmed SCP-2859 events are to be immediately reported to appropriate Level 4 research personnel and, at their discretion, O5 Command. Foundation operatives deployed to areas in which SCP-2859 events have occurred are to be equipped with standard issue KU-21 vacuum protection suits, which must remain sealed at all times. Any personnel who experience suit breaches or equipment malfunctions are to be deemed lost should they enter SCP-2859; no rescue attempts are to be conducted under any circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2860 is to be contained within a Type S Standard Humanoid Anomaly Containment Cell at Site-19. In addition to standard furnishings, the contents of SCP-2860’s former office have been moved into its cell. Medical assistance is to be provided upon request and psychological health screenings are to be performed every two weeks. Prior to any interaction with living organic material, SCP-2860 is to be required to wear specially treated leather gloves so as to limit risk of accidental exposure of personnel to SCP-2860’s effect.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-2861-1 are to remain on the premises of the cemetery. A perimeter has been established around said premises and is to be patrolled hourly by Foundation security personnel on rotating 8-hour shifts. Any unauthorized individuals attempting to enter the cemetery are to be turned away and given the explanation of an ongoing grounds refurbishment project.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2862 is blindfolded at all times. SCP-2862 is contained in an empty and featureless 15 sq m room. The area is painted black and contains a small, translucent perch and feeding bowl. The area is monitored at all times for visual aberrations. The feeding system is automated and deposits a live rat every five hours.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the impermanent nature of SCP-2863 instances, long-term containment is functionally impossible. Should an instance of SCP-2863 be sighted in the field, Mobile Task Force Omicron-3 is to move in and neutralize the entity by the use of ultra-bright floodlights. Any civilians exposed to SCP-2863 are to be given Class-A amnestics and released.
Special Containment Procedures: Armed Observation Facility 232 has been established 0.8 kilometers down the road from SCP-2865, disguised as a National Park Service (NPS) Ranger Station. Mobile Task Force Pi-2 (”Dusters”) has been stationed at Armed Observation Facility 232 in order to facilitate containment. Due to the semi-public nature of SCP-2865, members of MTF-Pi-2 are required to disguise themselves as forest rangers, in order to maintain Foundation secrecy. Any civilians attempting to enter SCP-2865 are to be warned of increased bear activity in the area and turned back. Use of non-lethal force is authorized for non-compliant civilians. Any civilian coming into contact with an instance of SCP-2865-1 is to be administered class-A amnestics and removed from the area immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2866 is to be contained on a four-meter square slab of free-standing concrete wall. The floor of the containment chamber is to be composed of (or have a 5-centimeter thick layer of) glass, loose soil, or gravel. Additionally, all walls of the containment chamber should be composed of (or have a 3-centimeter thick layer of) glass, though this is not essential for effective containment and only provides more defense against a breach. If SCP-2866 must be transported elsewhere, it can be contained by surrounding it with gravel.
Special Containment Procedures: A single 1kg sample is to be stored in a standard airtight containment locker at Site-76. All cases of SCP-2867 confirmed or presumed out of containment are to be reported to MTF-Rho-87 ("All Chewed Up") for confirmation, extraction and destruction. SCP-2867 cannot be handled without the use of a standard-issue HAZMAT suit. Any individuals who ingest or otherwise consume SCP-2867 are to be considered lost and summarily terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2868 must remain stored within a standard humanoid containment cell in the east seclusion wing of Site-12. The walls are lined with high-voltage electrified grating and must be powered on a separate power grid from the main site in the event of a failure or fluctuation in the primary power grid. The floor of its cell is comprised of solid plate steel to prevent SCP-2868 from spreading via roots to other containment cells.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-2869 are to be kept in a large cylindrical chamber with a 20-meter diameter and a 3-meter height lined with stone. The door of SCP-2869's chamber is to be attended by 2 armed security personnel. The walls of this containment chamber are to consist of one layer of standard concrete and one visible layer of 2-centimeter thick plate steel. In the event that an instance of SCP-2869 becomes enraged or aggressive, no fewer than 3 additional armed security personnel are to isolate the instance and herd it to a side-chamber. Personnel partaking in this chamber transfer are required to wear fully-sealed hazard suits.
Special Containment Procedures: All hospital records in suspected outbreak areas are to be monitored for instances of SCP-2870-1. In the event that an instance is found, MTF Chi-7 ("Plague Tamers") is to insert themselves into the hospital and advise SCP-2870-1 on techniques for negotiating with SCP-2870-A. Following convalescence, all records of the patient and samples of SCP-2870 collected are to be incinerated, and Class-A amnestics distributed as necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: The original three prototype instances of SCP-2871 are to be maintained in an archival state for study. Operation of these instances is prohibited, as they possess multiple design flaws.1
Special Containment Procedures: SUPERCEDED: see Addendum 2872-1. SCP-2872 is kept at a private stable, where the resident staff care for it. SCP-2872 should receive a full physical examination from Foundation medical personnel once every six months, and should be kept in prime racing condition with the assistance of Foundation-approved jockeys.
Special Containment Procedures: All recovered SCP-2873 instances should be disassembled and stored in high security storage at Site-79. Recovered Anderson Robotics delivery orders for SCP-2873 instances should be traced and surviving instances recovered. All active SCP-2873 components should be put into standby mode until further notice.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2874 is currently contained in Storage Unit 12, located at Site-11. SCP-2874 is to be kept in a sealed chamber at all times, which is to be guarded from the outside by two (10) security personnel at all times. Due to its nature, no security cameras or viewing windows are to be present in SCP-2874's containment chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: All known sources of SCP-2876 have been suppressed by Mobile Task Force Mu-4 ("Debuggers"). Mobile devices connected to global and private internet servers are to be regularly scanned and purged of any detected instances of SCP-2876. Medical reports of somnambulism and unusual physical degeneration are to be analysed for signs of SCP-2876 activity. Subjects who have been affected by SCP-2876 are to be issued Class-C amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2877-1 and SCP-2877-2 are contained in Hermetically Sealed Storage Unit-67b1 at Site-██. The storage unit is to be kept evacuated of gas at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2878 is to be contained within an airlocked Class 3 Destructive Entity containment cell. D-class personnel may enter the enclosure only as part of approved testing procedures. Non-expendable personnel are prohibited from entering the enclosure under any circumstances. All cleaning and maintenance is to be performed via non-autonomous drones.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2879 is to be kept in a secure storage locker at Site-18. Access is restricted to personnel with Level-2 clearance or greater. Access codes are to be changed on a monthly basis. Permission to perform tests involving SCP-2879 may only be granted by researchers with Level-3 clearance or higher. All testing is to take place at the residence constructed by the Foundation ██ miles east of Site-18 specifically for tests involving SCP-2879. Contents of packages received from SCP-2879-1 are to be logged, photographed, and incinerated. Severe penalties are enforced if any personnel attempt to keep packages for themselves or conduct testing anywhere other than the designated residence.
Special Containment Procedures: The one hundred and forty nine (149) known SCP-2880-A objects are contained in Secure Containment Locker 2880-A at Site-74, disassembled. Those who wish to reconstruct more than eighty-five (85) percent of an SCP-2880-A object for the purposes of testing should notify Site Command prior to their research. If an SCP-2880-A object is used for testing purposes, the SCP-2880-A object it is paired with should also be assembled and stored in a monitored, habitable location. Unless required for the purposes of testing, personnel handling reconstructed SCP-2880-A objects should not expose bare skin to the surface of the object.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2881 is to remain at its current location. A chain link fence has been installed surrounding the area of SCP-2881, which is to be guarded by one security officer during all park operating hours. No unauthorized individuals are to be permitted within the area designated to SCP-2881.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2882 is housed in a regular humanoid containment unit. Containment of SCP-2882 is watched over by at least one guard at its entrance. SCP-2882 may speak with the guard and hold conversation. It is to be periodically checked for signs of self harm. SCP-2882 is to attend bi-weekly therapy sessions with the on-site therapist, currently Dr. Larsen.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2883 is held in a small storage container manufactured out of opaque plastic. To avoid potential damage to SCP-2883, the container must be padded with standard packaging materials. During transport, SCP-2883 is to be kept in its container.
Special Containment Procedures: As of 01/09/2015, a total of 84 Foundation personnel are embedded in the United Kingdom National Crime Agency, British Security Industry Association, and associated security organisations in the United Kingdom. These personnel are to carry out the following directives:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2885 is to be kept in a standard locker at Site-19. When not being experimented on, SCP-2885 is to be kept within a sealed transport box to reduce the probability of accidental exposure through eye contact. Personnel wishing to conduct tests involving SCP-2885 must obtain Level 3 or higher authorization.
Special Containment Procedures: Confirmation of SCP-2886's current location is to be maintained at all times. Personnel assigned to SCP-2886 are to maintain path projection charts based on data of SCP-2886's relocations, in order to help identify its next target. If SCP-2886 relocates to a different celestial body, it is to be located as quickly as possible, and its path projection chart updated.
Special Containment Procedures: Owing to the volume of traffic utilising the building of which SCP-2887 is part, the site cannot be closed in its entirety. Instead, containment is focused on controlling access to SCP-2887. The office unit including the sole known access to SCP-2887 has been acquired by the Foundation on permanent lease with the assistance of the British government, and functions as the centre for operations not requiring access to SCP-2887. Access to SCP-2887 is restricted to those deemed necessary for its containment.
Special Containment Procedures: The former residence of Marshall Ford Everett, in addition to the 8.3-acre parcel of land on which it is located, is currently held by Rural Heritage LLC, a Foundation-owned land trust company. All structures located on the parcel are to be allowed to deteriorate in a manner consistent with abandoned property. As all personal effects and human remains have been removed from the premises, no interference with civilians or local authorities is deemed necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: All ████ bath products containing oil from SCP-2889 are to be confiscated and destroyed immediately. SCP-2889 is to be closed to the public, and a 3 km security perimeter is to be maintained around SCP-2889. The security team for SCP-2889 is to be rotated every week. Trespassers are to be detained, amnesticized, and treated for exposure to SCP-2889 oil. Security personnel are to be prepared for resistance from the inhabitants of Freshwater and should not hesitate to respond with force if necessary. Permanent quarantine of Freshwater is being evaluated as a containment option.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2890 is be stored in a standard storage locker at Site-28.
Amended Procedures: As of ██/██/██, the following measures have been enacted:
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-2892, it cannot be fully contained. Site 2892-A has been established at Surabaya, Indonesia (per agreement with the Indonesian government) to facilitate monitoring. Site 2892-A will be disguised as an Indonesian naval facility.
Special Containment Procedures: Remaining public records of the existence of SCP-2894 have been successfully discredited as volcanic pumice rafts as per Disinformation Protocol 2894-34A. No Special Containment Procedures are necessary at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2895's containment chamber is a solitary arachnid wildlife containment unit in Area-12's arachnid wing. The interior of any chamber or container SCP-2895 is held in should be covered in at least 4cm of wax, as this has been found to prevent SCP-2895 from bonding with the walls of its containment chambers. Personnel are to enter the containment chamber to scrape this wax off and re-apply once every month to clean it. Animal handling safety equipment is available as an option to these personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: The current manifestation point for SCP-2896 is located within a standard human containment chamber located at Site-84. Given the nature of SCP-2896’s fluctuating temporal status, effective containment of SCP-2896 relies on effective documentation for later Foundation iterations and the maintenance of the status quo with regards to changes in containment conditions for SCP-2896.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2897 is the subject of an ongoing internal disinformation campaign by the Department of Analytics, intended to conceal its existence and its role in the WATCHDOG program from Foundation employees and embedded agents of Groups of Interest.
Special Containment Procedures: The house containing SCP-2898 has been purchased and placed under Foundation custody. The walls of the house must be inspected daily for new instances of SCP-2898-A. Motion sensors have been placed throughout the house to detect new manifestations of SCP-2898-B. Remains of SCP-2898-B instances are to be removed from the house and disposed of appropriately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2899 is immovable, due both to its size and composition and to its dependence on the unique conditions of the North Pacific Gyre, and so containment is restricted to suppressing knowledge of and access to SCP-2899 and its environs. Since SCP-2899 is mobile, however, dedicated Foundation research ships must keep track of its location and bearing, using both observations of patterns in floating debris and of anomalous movement of subsurface particulates.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2900 are to be reported by Site-19 staff as they are found and referred to Doctor Yang for inspection and testing. They are to be stored in large storage locker 23233. They must be placed at least one meter from the walls of the storage locker. All are to be handled using 1.5 meter long manipulation arms. All personnel on Site-19 are to be informed of what an SCP-2900 instance looks like and any personnel receiving an instance are to be tested weekly for 3 months after receiving said instance for any anomalous effects. Currently SCP-2900 has shown no adverse anomalous effects. Site-19's current monitoring system is enough to prevent the effect from spreading exponentially.
Special Containment Procedures: Because of the extradimensional properties related to SCP-2901, there are currently no methods of physical containment. Case reports involving SCP-2901 will be remitted to MTF Phi-5 ("Twilighters") for further investigation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2902-1 and 2 are contained at Site-73 in a humanoid containment unit. SCP-2902-1 can request to perform for personnel three times a month. Interviews should be conducted on a biweekly basis to assess SCP-2902-1's morale, as well as to gain possible information on its origins. SCP-2902-2 has been allowed to stay with SCP-2902-1.
Special Containment Procedures: Provisional Containment Site-131 is to be continuously occupied by Containment Team Nu-9 ("Iron Chefs"), recruited from Level 0 Support Personnel with horticultural and/or culinary training; and Containment Team Nu-10 ("Cucumber Munchers"), recruited from members of the Foundation front organization known as the Reformed and Universal Church of the Apostle of Light, who are to rigorously adhere to the lifestyle restrictions historically practiced by the Manichaean1 electae2.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2904 is to be stored in the Site-19 Deep-Sigma storage vault at all times except when required for use. When outside of this vault it is to be accompanied by no less than three armed security personnel chosen at random from the standby duty roster.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2905 has been under Foundation quarantine since its discovery in 1998. Personnel removing plant/SCP-2905-2 samples within SCP-2905 must wear the protective gear provided at all times while within SCP-2905. Any personnel bitten by SCP-2905-2 should be brought back immediately to the medical clinic to assess the severity of the bite; SCP-2905-2 toxins vary wildly in potency. Collaboration with Site-45 for further information about POI Izaak and POI Nao is ongoing.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation currently works alongside Unusual Incidents Unit operatives under Collaborative Task Force Psi-12 ("Madvillainy") to isolate and destroy instances of SCP-2906. All documentation affected by SCP-2906 is to be replaced by clean copies. If this is not possible, the documentation must be destroyed. Companies or businesses affected by SCP-2906 (specifically Foundation fronts and United States government facilities) must be monitored for possible spreading of the vector, and any outgoing documentation intercepted and replaced. Any other agents of SCP-2906 are to be scrubbed clean, destroyed, or replaced on a case-by-case basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2907 is to be contained in a circular plot of land in the vicinity of Site-135, 300m in radius, with SCP-2907-1 in the centre. This land is to be cordoned off as private property. At 09:00 local time daily, five two earthworms are to be placed in the area of effect.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2908 is to be kept in a storage container on Site-131. All testing of SCP-2908 is currently forbidden by O5 Council.
Special Containment Procedures: The property SCP-2909 is located upon and a neighboring property have been purchased under a Foundation front. SCP-2909 is to be recorded via motion-activated camera. If a person attempts to enter SCP-2909, agents from the neighboring property are to intervene on the grounds of trespassing.
Special Containment Procedures: The automated voice-recognition programs WETNURSE ALPHA through ZETA have been deployed to monitor global telecommunications networks (each WETNURSE monitors a single continent), identifying and flagging phrases and sentences that could indicate occurrences of SCP-2910. Once a phrase is flagged, Mobile Task Force Epsilon-8 ("The Midwives") will be automatically alerted to investigate and, if necessary, recover instances of SCP-2910-A. Civilians that have viewed an instance of SCP-2910-A in person are to be transferred to the Site nearest their location and treated with the therapy regimen outlined in Document 2910-1.
Special Containment Procedures: Public knowledge of SCP-2911 is limited to residents of its village. Due to its remote location, SCP-2911 is regarded merely as regional folklore by residents of northeastern Iwate Prefecture. Low-intensity media suppression protocols are therefore the only necessary containment at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: The remains of SCP-2912-1, SCP-2912-2, and SCP-2912-3 are to remain preserved within individual cryogenic storage units at Biological Containment Site-66.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2913 is to be held in a standard humanoid containment cell. SCP-2913 is to be afforded basic requested luxuries for as long as its continued cooperation with the Foundation is maintained.
Special Containment Procedures: Only personnel who submit a formal request and receive approval from site command may operate SCP-2914. SCP-2914 is to be stored in locker 2109-B when not in use.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2915 is owned and operated by Foundation agents as a typical Wendy’s franchise, under supervision of MTF Psi-25 "Trapped in the Drive-Thru". Personnel are to maintain all professional standards set forth by the Wendy’s corporation. Night-shift guards are to be equipped with gas masks and broad-spectrum UV lights.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2916-4 is to be monitored for any unusual behavior on either SCP-2916-1 or -3's part. SCP-2916-2 is to be given in-home psychological counseling by a Foundation therapist and monitored remotely for any potentially dangerous behavior. These procedures were implemented following the events of 7/29/2016.
Special Containment Procedures: Because SCP-2917 cannot be moved, Site-37 has been constructed around it. A minimum of five Class-D personnel are to be kept onsite for the purposes of investigating any locations for which unmanned exploration is deemed insufficient. All personnel charged with exploration of SCP-2917 are to undergo Advanced Decontamination before their departure as well as upon their retrieval. Individuals dispatched through SCP-2917 must be equipped with a redesigned Environmental Protection suit, modified to include pressurized containers welded to the surface to enable transport of samples without triggering a relocation event too quickly.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2918 is stored in hangar 2 at Foundation Site-19. The control panel should be monitored for new messages every 24 hours at a minimum. The airframe of SCP-2918 is to be stored unfueled and unarmed at all times. Regular psychiatric evaluations are to be administered every two weeks by Dr. █████, a specialist in child psychology with experience in anxiety treatment.
Special Containment Procedures: Electric fences and security cameras have been set up around SCP-2920 25 meters beyond its borders. Border checks disguised as toll booths have been installed at all roads leading in and out of SCP-2920. All instances of SCP-2920-1 attempting to exit SCP-2920 are to be escorted to their homes. In the event of containment breach, Mobile Task Force Delta-6 ("Truants") is to be deployed to track down and escort all SCP-2920-1 back within SCP-2920. Following this, SCP-2920 is to be placed under lockdown for two weeks.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2921 represents a Class V Causal Inconsistency Zone and therefore no physical containment measures are to be implemented. It is presumed that any and all actions taken that may affect SCP-2921 will affect SCP-2921 in some way, thus attentive, non-interactive study of the anomaly is the only safe way to gain further knowledge of its properties.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2922-A is to remain at Area-2922. At least one Project Corbenic staff member must be ready to answer transferred calls from SCP-2922-A 24 hours a day.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-2923 are to be locked in Site-51 Site-11's Anomalous Item Storage Locker. This locker is accessible via doubly redundant keycard access locks restricted to personnel with 2/2923 clearance. Following Incident 2923-02, testing has been suspended.
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-2924 are to be kept in a biosafety level 3 laboratory at Site-201, which has been constructed near the Point of Convergence of SCP-2924-1. Instances of SCP-2924-1 are to be kept in humanoid containment chambers at Site-201 until the SCP-2924 infection has been deemed completely eliminated from the instance's body by on-site medical staff, after which they are to be given Class-A amnestics and returned to their city of origin. MTF Gamma-8, 'Balloon Men', have been assigned to collect discovered SCP-2924-1 instances, monitor former SCP-2924-1 instances, and assess possible outbreaks of SCP-2924, including finding the source of SCP-2924, if one exists.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2925 is currently contained at a dedicated facility for its containment in an airtight, reinforced, blast-resistant chamber, appropriate for Epsilon-4 Class “Highly Valuable Objects” protection. The chamber is temperature-controlled and completely dark to ensure no changes in energy within the system of the room. All interactions with SCP-2925 must be undertaken with extreme care to ensure no unnecessary changes in energy present within the object.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2926 is kept at Electronic Storage Facility 83-Beta. No known copies of SCP-2926 exist outside of containment.
Special Containment Procedures: A soundproof chamber has been built around SCP-2927, with an attached observation chamber for experiments. Due to the public location of SCP-2927, these chambers have been disguised to resemble a residential building. Experimentation that requires approaching within 2 m of SCP-2927 must be undertaken by D-class personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Agents globally embedded in law enforcement agencies and tabloid media are to monitor incoming information for possible SCP-2928 sightings and activity. Suspected SCP-2928 sightings are to be investigated by MTF Beta-19 ("Nightingales"), and confirmed instances are to be contained if possible or terminated if necessary. SCP-2928 instances are to be contained in separate standard humanoid containment units within Site ██. Personnel that come into direct contact with SCP-2928, including all members of MTF Beta-19, must maintain a mental comprehension of SCP-2928 as outlined by the components of Operation KUDZU.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2929 is located in Foundation-operated Katavi National Park, control of which has been negotiated from the Tanzanian government. A perimeter of two kilometers is to be maintained around SCP-2929 and civilian access is to be prohibited. Any and all trespassers are to be detained, interrogated, administered appropriate amnestics, and released at the discretion of acting personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2931-1 and SCP-2931-2 are to be contained in separate containment chambers, both of which are to remain hermetically sealed at all times. No living organism is to be permitted to fall asleep in SCP-2931-1 or SCP-2931-2. A single instance of SCP-2931-2-A is to be kept in a chemically induced coma in a Class-3 Humanoid Containment cell and monitored regularly for unusual activity.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2932 is currently contained at its location of discovery. Mobile Task Force Xi-9 "The Wardens" has been tasked with handling containment efforts, including reduction of public awareness of SCP-2932 in nearby towns and villages, and amnestic treatment of individuals who come into contact with SCP-2932. A fenced perimeter has also been established around SCP-2932, with warnings posted about a protected nature reserve within. This perimeter is to be routinely patrolled.
Special Containment Procedures: Under no circumstances are any individuals permitted to enter SCP-2933-1. Once monthly, a small, automated surveillance drone is to enter SCP-2933-1 to assess SCP-2933-A.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2934 and associated components are to be held within a standard body bag modified to include three interior layers of aluminium foil. The modified body bag containing SCP-2934 is to be placed within a steel chest measuring at least 2 m x 1 m in footprint, 1 m in height and 10 cm in wall thickness.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2936 is contained on-site in the Antarctic, at the location of its discovery. Personnel assigned to SCP-2936 are required to be fluent in spoken German and, except for perimeter guards, are to wear insignia which identify them as part of the Third Reich. Civilian maps are to be purged.
Special Containment Procedures: The 113 items composing SCP-2937 are to be stored in 45 standard secure lockboxes in Site-50's High Value Item Storage Facility. Security Clearance Level 2-2937 is needed to remove any item from its lockbox for research purposes or to perform laboratory testings.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2938 is kept in an opaque airtight container in a vacuum chamber at Site 37. Personnel are to have no direct exposure to SCP-2938 outside of testing protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: No containment procedure for the SCP-2939 manifestation phenomenon has currently been finalized. Global Committee Naḥš-12 (“‘NARF’ Herders”)1 has been assigned in a fact-finding capacity to document 2939-“BIG NARF” manifestations and to devise and propose Special Containment Procedure 2939 for submission to the Site Directors’ Executive Committee of the Whole.
Special Containment Procedures: Observation Post 43 has been established on the coast of Aokigahara, with the appearance and functionality of a suicide-watch post1. Communication systems are to be provided for instances of SCP-2940-A on Floor 1, to transmit requests or distress calls of possible SCP-2940-B containment breaches.
Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-2941 are to be kept within separate and fully-isolated bio-containment chambers within Biological Containment Site-103. Instances should be provided with four to six hours of direct light from an overhead fluorescent. Each instance of SCP-2941 must be checked at least four times a day to confirm that specimen morale levels fall within mandated guidelines (for more information see Document 2941-M-5). Any measurements of specimen morale levels falling above standard containment parameters should be reported immediately to the current project head. Should standard demoralization acts prove insufficient, please consult Document 2941-DM-1 for Stage B countermeasures.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation web bots SCP9ZY01 and SCP9ZY02 have been uploaded to NaTIS servers to facilitate identification of vehicle registrations that do not conform to standards for the system. Foundation-employed programmers within the South African Department of Transport are responsible for the maintenance of these web bots as well as notification of Mobile Task Force Iota-10 ("Damn Feds") upon confirmation of any anomalous vehicle registration, following which a detachment of MTF Iota-10 will be deployed to the relevant municipality to seize the suspected instance of SCP-2942. Confirmed instances of SCP-2942 are to be transported to Storage Sector 12 of Site-151. Standard hush protocols apply in cases of vehicle seizure (see Document A03-HUSH).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2943-A is currently within the boundaries of Site-51. A digital display showing the current date and time is to be kept within visible range of this manifestation point at all times. A timer counting down until precisely 8,640 minutes have elapsed since the previous SCP-2943 manifestation is to be kept running at all times, and reset as required. Tests conducted with any SCP-2943 instances are to be catalogued in the SCP-2943 Testing Log.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2945 is stored in a standard containment unit at Site-49. Testing with SCP-2945 is not to be authorized without express permission from Site-49 administration.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2946 is to be kept in a 125 cubic meter containment tank, with light, durable metal edging and plate glass sides. The bottom should be constructed with 5 drainage channels, which are to remain sealed until completion of protein expression. These drains will be connected to a protein vat. 4 sterile tanks, capable of holding 200,000 liters of broth, are to be attached to the tank via sterile PVC pipes. Pipes should be no more than 15 cms in diameter, and should have both manual and mechanically controlled valves. Broth tanks shall be filled with nutrient broth composed of the following ingredients:
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2947 are to be kept in individual containers with foam padding made to fit each instance, to ensure that transportation cannot result in the accidental spinning of the instances. As far as you know.Currently, there are no plans to create new instances of SCP-2947.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2948 is currently sealed in a heat-insulated, sound-proof, air-tight, opaque Faraday cage at Area-100.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2949 itself is currently uncontainable due to its nature. Its manifestation is to be controlled via encouraging the phasing out of analogue television as an obsolete standard. Future appearances of SCP-2949 outside containment would require a civilian to have access to one of the few remaining affected televisions, and to purposefully observe static on said television for more than twelve hours. As this combination of events is extremely unlikely to occur, reappearance of SCP-2949 is not considered a major concern. Nevertheless, reports of SCP-2949-1 instances in the wild are to be taken seriously. Instances are to be located and captured as soon as possible. Prompt neutralisation is to be enabled with the use of an appropriately-sized sheet of mirrored foil.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2950 is to be stored in a standard Safe-class Anomalous Item containment locker.
Special Containment Procedures: Access to the Lemon Quarry is prohibited to unauthorized personnel, and Foundation personnel posing as local law enforcement are to maintain a perimeter around the site. Individuals who breach the perimeter are to be administered a suitable amnestic and turned over to the local authorities.
Special Containment Procedures: Urban and suburban sections of SCP-2952 should be camouflaged appropriately according to their surrounding environment, or built directly into the walls or foundation of nearby buildings. Underwater sections of SCP-2952 are to be disguised as internet cables. Sections of SCP-2952 in rural or undeveloped areas are to be buried underground.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2953 and all fragments extracted from it are to be kept in a storage locker at Site-44. Personnel are to don gloves while handling SCP-2953 and its pieces, and refrain from direct contact with it. Exceptions are allowed for test subjects during testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2954-2 is eventually killed by SCP-2954-1 during Tsuburaya Events. During the event's duration, personnel should observe from afar due to potentially life-threatening damage SCP-2954 causes. Guards are stationed around the area of Events to deter civilians during inactive times. Class-A Amnestics are to be administered to civilians witnessing Tsuburaya Events.
Special Containment Procedures: Provisional Containment Area-846 is to be constructed around SCP-2955, and is currently disguised as an Argentinean military installation. Area-846 is to be staffed by members of Mobile Task Force Zeta-9 ("Mole Rats"). No personnel are allowed to approach, directly observe, or conduct sample extractions on SCP-2955. All observations on SCP-2955 are to be conducted via satellite imaging and remote surveillance. The usage of Helios-class aerial surveillance drones to monitor SCP-2955 is prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2957 is kept on the grounds of its original semi-private park location. The park gardens remain open to the public during the daytime, with gates closed promptly at dusk under the guise of routine maintenance and cleaning occurring during the evening. Foundation associates currently oversee the park's security services, under the guise of addressing recent vandalism and drug use reports. A security office close to the premises is kept for Foundation agent housing and temporary storage.
Special Containment Procedures: All discovered instances of SCP-2958-1 are to be closed off from public use under the pretense of construction.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2959 and all related documentation are to be kept at Delta 5 Security Clearance. No individual with Delta 5 Security Clearance is to engage in any contact with any individual who has been exposed to SCP-2959. Communication between individuals with Delta 5 Security Clearance and those exposed to SCP-2959 are to be facilitated by an AI (LUKA-7) designed to purge the communications of memetic hazards while also retaining the general meaning of the message.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-2960, the object is to be contained on site in the former auditorium of █████ High School in █████, Oregon. The school has since been closed and the property purchased via a Foundation front organization.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2961 is to be housed within a standard humanoid containment unit at Site-62. When not in use, the structure, furnishings and any personal effects (where possible) are to be checked for anomaly-related changes; any items thus affected are to be replaced as required and forwarded to F-Lab for ongoing analysis.
Special Containment Procedures: The point of origin and all surrounding buildings within a 200 meter radius have been purchased under a compulsory acquisition order. These are now being monitored for anomalous activity by MTF Delta-29 ("Apostates").
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2963 is to be kept in two connected standard humanoid containment cells. Humidity of these cells is to be kept at 58%. SCP-2963-5 is to be fed once per day with liquid nutrient solution.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2965 periodically manifests in the █████ █████ station of Singapore's underground metro system. As █████ █████ station is a major interchange, it has been deemed unfeasible to fully contain SCP-2965 by restricting access to the station. Currently, MTF-Eta-99 ("Turf Club") has taken over the management of █████ █████ station in order to contain manifestations of SCP-2965 as well as take steps to ensure SCP-2965 reaches the Point-of-Exit at Platform 6 of the Circle Line without incident. Eta-99 is also to devise and execute means of completely restraining SCP-2965 for eventual containment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2966 is to be contained at Outpost 117, and at no time shall any other SCP objects be contained with it. A liquid-fluoride thorium reactor is to be powered at all times, with the heat exchange directly in thermodynamic contact with SCP-2966's housing. Before usage of SCP-2966, monitors will ensure that there are at least 2.04×1017 joules of heat energy available to thermodynamically transfer into SCP-2966's housing. During use, this heat energy transfer will be carefully monitored to match the rate of matter removal.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2967 and SCP-2967-1 are to be contained in a 5.5 meter cubical reinforced glass tank, with water containing 3.5% salinity (seawater), kept at roughly 8 °C at all times. This tank is to be cleaned at least twice per week, at which point SCP-2967 and SCP-2967-1 will be relocated briefly to an observation tank. The top of SCP-2967's containment tank is to remain closed at all times, with the exception of cleaning and feeding. SCP-2967 and the six SCP-2967-1 are to be each fed two live clams, whelks, or small fish daily. When interacting with SCP-2967, prawns or small crabs are acceptable for use as incentive for a response. SCP-2967 and SCP-2967-1 are allowed a number of 'toys' to keep occupied in primary containment, such as building blocks, plastic fish (though too large to be edible), and a small magnetic slate with a stylus attached. For testing and routine intelligence checks, SCP-2967 is to be relocated to the observation tank in the room adjacent to its containment chamber. Unsupervised communication with SCP-2967 is currently prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-2968-A are to be stored in bottles in a secure containment locker. Additional ones may be destroyed or contained as appropriate. Procedures for the manufacture of SCP-2968-A shall be maintained on encrypted documents in the Foundation intranet. Additional instances may be produced by authorization of the lead researcher for testing purposes or at the discretion of the Ethics Committee. To discourage further public use of SCP-2968-A, a warning of contamination has been released by the FDA at the Foundation’s request.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2969 is held within a sealed humanoid containment chamber, located within Site-77's sub-basement levels. No subjects should come within 800 meters of SCP-2969's containment chamber. The chamber is monitored at all times with remote surveillance. A radio link exists between the chamber and the perimeter. There is no lighting within the containment chamber, and SCP-2969 should be blindfolded at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2970 is to be held in a standard humanoid containment chamber, and fed via standard humanoid procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: Persons suspected to be carriers of SCP-2971 are to be monitored through their social media accounts, bank account statements, and whereabouts. Information spread by these persons regarding SCP-2971-A is to be censored, and the subject in question detained.
Special Containment Procedures: The lot containing SCP-2972 has been purchased from Dollar General Corporation by a Foundation shell group1, Sawgrass Holdings. The building adjacent to SCP-2972 has been demolished, and SCP-2972 has been fenced in. Local Mobile Task Force 769-Ayin ("Clanga") will maintain a surveillance camera on the premises and ensure no motor vehicles are introduced to SCP-2972. will deliver one functioning motor vehicle to the premises of SCP-2972 at least once every 21 days, to prevent the spread of SCP-2972's effect. LMTF 769-ע will coordinate with Sebastopol, Crimea-based Local Mobile Task Force 652-Peh ("Artel's Pot") to ensure vehicles transported via SCP-2972 are recovered and contained.
Special Containment Procedures: While not being tested SCP-2973 is to remain in a locked plastic case in Storage Site-12. Televisions, smart phones, or any other device that has a display screen should remain outside of SCP-2973 10 meter transfer radius.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2974 is to be kept in a 76-liter glass terrarium with paper towel substrate, at least 2 commercially-available hides, 3 to 5 false logs or branches, and 4-7 pieces of slate rock to facilitate basking. For enrichment purposes, the placement and number of items is to be changed monthly. The terrarium will be kept with a temperature gradient to facilitate temperature regulation. This temperature gradient must be 29.5 degrees Celsius on the warm side, and 23.3 degrees Celsius on the cool side, and will be maintained with an under-tank heater with an attached thermostat. Due to the condition of SCP-2974, water bowls, humid hides, and mistings are not permitted. The terrarium must stay at no more than 30% humidity at all times to prevent decay. SCP-2974 does not require food, but pre-killed insects may be provided for enrichment purposes. Surveillance equipment is to remain out of visual range of SCP-2974.
Special Containment Procedures: The remains of SCP-2975 are monitored by Observation Post SYN-Alpha-019, staffed by members of Mobile Task Force Sigma-3 ("Bibliographers"). Any unusual activity is to be reported immediately to Site-19 Command.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the unpredictability of the emergence of SCP-2977-2, SCP-2977 has been publicly designated as a critically endangered species and provided protection under the multilateral CITES treaty. Non-anomalous research data may be considered for public release at the discretion of the Lead Researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-2978 are currently contained in Site-17, secured in a biometrically locked chamber. The containment chamber, and all SCP-2978 communities within, are to be observed at all times using high-speed HD camera surveillance and digital microscope systems. Access is limited to Level 2 staff.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2979's only remaining vector (SCP-2979-1) is to be kept in a secured containment locker at Site-162, placed within an opaque sleeve. Personnel are to avoid eye contact with SCP-2979-1. No photography or video is to be taken of SCP-2979 at any time. Eastwood Secondary School in Danvers, MA is to be watched for further anomalous activity until 01/01/17.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2980 is to be contained in a standard item locker at Site-81. SCP-2980 may only be removed from storage for testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2982 must be kept in a secure small item container. Telecommunication signals are to be inhibited as per Multiple Redundancy Procedure 023-Telexicon except when under test/exposure conditions, during which time Procedure 662-Dripfeed is to be followed.
Special Containment Procedures: Grocers in Europe are to be monitored for SCP-2983 products. Foundation web crawlers are to monitor for mentions of SCP-2983 online. Any suspected SCP-2983 instances are to be tracked down and retrieved. Once secured, all instances of SCP-2983 are to be cataloged and stored in Site-55's low-risk item storage. Excess and expired instances are to be incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2985-6 is to be stored in a standard safe-class item locker. Other instances of SCP-2985 are to be stored in a climate-controlled vault, with humidity between 45 and 55% and air temperature between 19 and 21 degrees Celsius. Access to SCP-2985 instances is permitted to personnel with clearance Level 2 and above.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2986 is kept on floor 9 of Site-88. Any person wishing to use SCP-2986 must have approval from personnel with at least a level 2 Security Clearance. Any objects recovered within SCP-2986 are to be housed in a secure locker adjacent to the chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2987 is to be kept on floor 17 of Site-88. Removal for testing requires approval from the SCP-2987 project director. Testing involving interactions of SCP-2987 and artificial intelligences requires further approval from Site-88's ethics liaison.
Special Containment Procedures: The grove containing SCP-2988 has been quarantined by Foundation personnel. Personnel will monitor SCP-2988 actions before, during and after a test subject is introduced to it. Researchers should be wary of the four meter radius at which SCP-2988 responds to human interaction, as well as the thirty meter radius that limbs from SCP-2988 can travel. Researchers at Site-45 and personnel stationed at SCP-2988 have been instructed to report new findings/discoveries about SCP-2988's origins, as well as information on POI Izaak.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-2989-α has been constructed in the Arashiyama bamboo forest in Sagano, Kyoto, Japan at the point at which SCP-2989 instances manifest. Site-2989-β has been installed at the former Barnswood public library, Barnswood, Montana, USA.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Perimeter Beta-A is to be established around one or two instances of SCP-2990. Groups of three or more instances are to have Mobile Perimeter Beta-C established. Instances that separate farther than 20 meters from groups are to be contained as singular instances. Class-C amnestics are to be used on civilians upon witnessing an instance of SCP-2990, though the total period of exposure may be factored into the amount or type of amnestic given.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2991 is to be kept in a standard secure locker at Site-77. Level-2 clearance is required for access to the item and any corresponding documentation. Designated personnel are to remove SCP-2991 from containment for one hour every week to maintain continued responsiveness. Any interactions that occur with SCP-2991 are to be properly recorded and submitted for review by the senior researcher currently assigned to SCP-2991.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2992 is kept in an anechoic chamber, furnished as a regular humanoid containment unit. All personnel interacting with SCP-2992 are to have scored a minimum of 4 on the Memetic And Mind-Affecting Resistance Exam. All personnel interviewing SCP-2992 are to have scored a minimum of 6 on the Memetic And Mind-Affecting Resistance Exam. In exchange for positive behavior, SCP-2992 is allowed one album of their choice at the beginning of every month. The album will be delivered in FLAC format and uploaded to their music player.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2993 is to be contained in a standard secure locker at Site-19. Access to SCP-2993 is available only to staff Level 2 and above. Any personnel wishing to use SCP-2993 must contact the current leading researcher assigned to SCP-2993.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2994-1 to -27 are to be kept in two standard Safe-class lockers. Intravenous feeding tubes and catheters should be connected at all times, except when testing. A veterinarian should monitor them to ensure their continued health. SCP-2994 instances and their containment lockers are to be cleaned daily. Testing requires permission from a Level 2 Researcher. SCP-2994-28 is to be kept in a separate locker, and monitored constantly.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2995 is contained onsite at Area-███ and housed in a climate-controlled vault, which has been constructed around the anomaly. This vault is insulated against seismic activity and safeguarded by three (3) reinforced steel doors. Access to the vault is forbidden barring emergency maintenance. During these situations, only one (1) Clearance 3/2995 engineer may enter the vault, and they are to be equipped with a Batrachotoxin security collar, which must be activated for any breach of protocol.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2996 is to be contained within a standard Incorporeal Entity Vacuum Chamber at Site-81. This chamber is to be fitted with 4 Non-Physical Displacement Neutralizers (nPDN). SCP-2996 may be allowed to request certain items for entertainment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2997 is to be stored in a high value observation chamber. It is to be placed on a pedestal in the center of its chamber, and every surface is to have cameras installed as to monitor the activities of SCP-2997-2. In the event that SCP-2997's tracking chip exits Site-242, Mobile Task Force Lambda-37 ("Geiger Counters") is to be dispatched immediately in an effort to retrieve SCP-2997.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation has modified radio frequency and electronics manufacturing standards worldwide to avoid civilian production of devices capable of receiving SCP-2998. Internet, radio, and print communications monitoring efforts by relevant Foundation departments are to be on alert for images or descriptions relating to SCP-2998. The frequency on which SCP-2998 is broadcast is to be monitored regularly for any change in SCP-2998 content. All extraterrestrial vessels and probes are to be modified covertly to include equipment designed to monitor for the presence of SCP-2998 off-world. Research to determine the source of SCP-2998 and the background behind its content is to continue as a Class 6 priority effort.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2999 instances are to be stored in separate secure holding cells on Site-45-C. Requests for personal items by SCP-2999-B may be approved by personnel with Level 3/2999 clearance or higher, provided they remain within reason. Requests made by SCP-2999-A require Level 4/2999 clearance to be carried out.
Special Containment Procedures: To prevent further accidental entries into SCP-3001, all Foundation reality-bending technology will be upgraded/modified with multiple newly developed safeguards to prevent Class-C "Broken Entry" Wormhole creation. While knowledge of SCP-3001 is available to personnel of any level should they wish to learn about it, research and experimentation with SCP-3001 and its associated technology is strictly limited to personnel of Level 3 and above, with special clearance designation granted from Sites 120, 121, 124, and 133.
Special Containment Procedures: A single prisoner affected by SCP-3002 is to be kept for the purposes of testing and analysis. They will be held in a standard humanoid containment cell in Site-41. Verbal and physical interaction is to be limited to approved testing. The remaining prisoners and staff members of South Rock Penitentiary have been given Class B amnestics, and are to be monitored for any re-occurrence of SCP-3002.

Description: SCP-3002 refers to a specific memory shared by 85% of the prisoner population in the South Rock Penitentiary, located near Lafayette, Indiana. Affected inmates are all able to recall a specific day from their childhood. Specific dates vary between subjects, but the majority remember this day occurring sometime between the ages of ten to thirteen.
Special Containment Procedures: Personnel with appropriate clearance may view Document 3003-NRK (attached) to access SCP-3003's containment directive and plans for future containment.
Special Containment Procedures: The threat posed by SCP-3004 has remained neutralized. Containment of SCP-3004 is focused solely on interception of artifacts that point toward the existence of the Cétlaidí. To that end, archaeological sites in Ireland and Wales should be monitored closely. Artifacts are to be confiscated, cataloged, and incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3005 is to be located and contained as soon as is possible. Site 17 is to assume all responsibilities for containment of SCP-3005. Mobile Task Force Mu-17 ("Iron Horses") are to monitor the region for signs of SCP-3005 presence as a top-priority objective and respond to any such evidence immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: Online video distribution sites impacted by SCP-3006 are to be monitored by Foundation webcrawlers. Manifestations of videos containing SCP-3006 are to be removed upon posting and/or detection. Foundation personnel embedded in the Alphabet corporation are to ensure that no members of the public are able to view SCP-3006. It is estimated that, without proper implementation of the containment procedures, most videos on the global public internet would be affected within 128 hours.
Special Containment Procedures: Hospitals and media worldwide are to be monitored for the appearance of SCP-3007-1. Instances of SCP-3007-2 are to be brought into Foundation custody, and exploration of SCP-3007-3 using SCP-3007-2 may be conducted under the supervision of one Clearance Level 3 personnel. All individuals confirmed as SCP-3007-2 are to be terminated immediately. Unaffected civilians who have acquired knowledge of SCP-3007-3 are to be administered Class-A amnestics. Personnel demonstrating reluctance or noncooperation in the enactment of the above procedures are to be amnetised and transferred immediately, as containment breach of SCP-3007 will likely result in an XK-Class End of the World scenario.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3009 may be logged in on one (1) instance of SCP-3009-B, which is to be kept in storage at Site-19. SCP-3009 is not permitted to publish Snapchats to any public forum, nor may it exchange correspondences with civilians or unapproved site personnel. Approved personnel may exchange correspondences with SCP-3009 on Snapchat for the purpose of fulfilling its socialisation needs, contingent on its good behaviour. All correspondences with SCP-3009 must be screenshotted for the Foundation’s records.
Special Containment Procedures: The word ‘Causal-Absent Paranoia’ is to retain a dictionary definition as follows: ‘the healthy brain overreacting to natural stimulus due to overindulgence, excessive stress, lack of sleep, and other such strains to the mind and body.’ All cultural and social references to the word must be kept in this manner.
Special Containment Procedures: Except for purposes of approved experimentation, instances of SCP-3011 must not come within 100 m of any nautical paraphernalia or similar items; this includes, but is not limited to, images of anchors, boats, submarines, or waves.
Special Containment Procedures: Currently, SCP-3012 is uncontained. Foundation AIs (ATLS-67 and GRGN-2) are to monitor street cameras in major cities and internet communications for appearances or descriptions of SCP-3012-1.
Special Containment Procedures: Following the events of Experiment 3013-8, SCP-3013 is currently located in what was Secure Holding Facility B of Site-██. This room has been surrounded by a hermetically sealed container. On no account are any structural changes to be made to this holding facility or container, unless to reinforce the former Secure Holding Facility B. Surveillance cameras and guards are posted at intervals around this chamber. One entrance leads directly to SCP-3013’s holding chamber; this is not to be used unless some way is found to penetrate the SCP-3013-1 instance currently permeating the holding chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3014 is to be stored in a 8 meter by 8 meter by 5 meter containment cell at Site-15. SCP-3014 is to be given access to controlled WiFi content for 3 hours a day. At least 4 Level 4 Foundation IT specialists are to control the exact contents of the data packets sent to SCP-3014. Any information packets being sent to SCP-3014 are to be analyzed for any information that is important and could cause issues if lost. Every week, SCP-3014 is to interviewed to re-gain potential lost information. In the event that SCP-3014 does not receive proper information, all forms of internet access within 100 meters of SCP-3014 and its cell are to be destroyed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3015 is kept in an anomalous item cell at Site-88. Only authorized Mobile Task Forces and other authorized personnel are allowed to use the activation phrase in a 20m radius around SCP-3015. The building where SCP-3015 leads to, temporarily deemed Site-2161, is to be checked whenever any new, sizable information about GoI-5869 ("Gamers Against Weed") is obtained. Mobile Task Forces and other personnel are instructed to apprehend and interview any members, anomalies, and/or information related to Gamers Against Weed.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3017 is contained in a standard humanoid containment cell at Area-55. The entrance to the cell is to be guarded at all times by no fewer than three armed security personnel. Visual and audio feeds of the inside of the cell are to be monitored at all times by no fewer than three security personnel. Any malfunctioning cameras or microphones must be repaired without delay.
Special Containment Procedures: The forested area in Massif Central, France that contains SCP-3018 is to be surrounded by a large fence and kept as a nature conservatory, barred to the public. Ultrasound emitters releasing frequencies between 38-44 kHz1 should be laid at regular intervals on the fence to keep SCP-3018 within the enclosure. Site-31 Maintenance Staff should check for broken emitters every four days, to ensure no gaps in containment. Site-31 employees may apply - via a form given to personnel of clearance 3/3018 or higher - to spend a night within the containment zone, as it is known to greatly improve morale.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: Known individuals affected by SCP-3020 are to be quarantined at Areas-39, -42, -94, -102, and -129. They are to be kept in standard non-anomalous human containment cells, and efforts are to be made to ease any symptoms of SCP-3020 infestation, including injections of L-DOPA twice daily into the kidneys.
Special Containment Procedures: Instructions and supplies for performing SCP-3021 can be accessed by personnel with Level 4/3021 clearance who are either performing scheduled testing or who are involved in Project Discovery.
Special Containment Procedures: Every instance of VIP-576 must keep one copy of SCP-3022 on their person at all times. All instances of VIP-576 are to remain at Site-19 at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Phone calls and internet traffic in SCP-3023's active region are to be monitored closely for mention of events correlated to SCP-3023 activity. Should SCP-3023 activity be confirmed, Mobile Task Force Alpha-21, "Julia's Angels", must immediately be dispatched to the location.
Special Containment Procedures: Web analysis bot "TRIREEF" scans online content for linguistic markers indicative of disbelief in the possibility of acquiring certain information, in conjunction with accusations of certain behaviors (see below). Pages flagged by TRIREEF are to be manually checked for evidence of SCP-3024 involvement. TRIREEF only requires operation while SCP-3024's location is unknown.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3025 is to be stored in a standard Storage Locker at Site-██. Testing must take place in a sealed chamber. Test chambers must be cleared for use before testing. Clearance is given to test chambers that show no sign of leakage when under 0.5 megapascals of internal air pressure. Test chambers are to remain sealed until it can be confirmed that SCP-3025 has exited its active state. Recovered items and personnel are to be quarantined until investigation has confirmed that no anomalous properties are present. As of ██-██-20██, testing of SCP-3025 is prohibited. When in transit, SCP-3025 must remain inside a hermetically sealed container at all times. SCP-3025 is under review for reassignment to Keter class.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3026 is contained at the center of a 18m x 18m containment chamber, with a circle painted on the floor indicating its active radius. Personnel may not enter this area. SCP-3026 must be illuminated at all times by several redundantly-powered, wall-mounted floodlights. These lights may not be blocked or deactivated outside of testing or scheduled repairs.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3027-1 is to be kept in a standard Humanoid Containment Cell at Site-19. It is not to have any contact with Junior Researcher Green, nor may Junior Researcher Green be made aware of any information regarding SCP-3027. To prevent this from occurring, she has been reassigned to Provisional Site-███.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3028 is kept in Site-103's Low-Value Anomalous Item Storage vault when not undergoing testing. A full list of writing produced by SCP-3028 is available to personnel with 2-3028 Clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: Because of the size and distance of SCP-3029, full containment is impossible. Some aspects of SCP-3029 are already well-known among civilian media outlets, so completely hiding the anomaly through amnestics or editing of scientific data is implausible. However, such methods may be employed to convince astronomers that the observed dimming pattern is the result of dust clouds or comets obscuring the star from view.
Special Containment Procedures: In the interest of maintaining the highest level of security relating to SCP-3030, access to information pertaining to SCP-3030 is to be restricted to Site-56 personnel and those with level 4 or higher security clearance. All Level 3/3030 or lower staff are to be administered a Class-B amnestic and have replacement memories implanted before any transfer off-site. Any breach of information regarding SCP-3030 is to be immediately reported to both Site Director Davids and the O5 council. All testing involving SCP-3030 is to be approved by Site Director Davids and three members of the O5 council. As such, no input is to be provided to SCP-3030-1 terminals without proper approval. Any unauthorized personnel discovered on-site are to be detained for interrogation and amnesticized before release.
Special Containment Procedures: All knowledge of SCP-3031's existence and anomalous properties is to be restricted to personnel with Level 3 clearance or higher. Countermemetic agent WISE START has shown success in suppressing both SCP-3031-2 as well as recognition of SCP-3031's properties, and is to be disseminated into children's books, television shows, and other media, as well as in reference books and resources.
Special Containment Procedures: Reports of forest fires with unknown/unusual causes are to be constantly monitored, with an increased priority in regions with a history of SCP-3032 instances. [Consult Document 3032-Regions for further information]
Identified instances of SCP-3032 outside of containment are to be neutralized via aerial-strike by local Armed Observation Posts [See Incident Report 3032-01]. Once an instance of SCP-3032 has been identified, it is to be immediately reported to the nearest Biological Containment Site equipped for SCP-3032. Identified instances are to be kept under constant surveillance; should it enter an active state, the appropriate Site is to deploy anti-air guided missiles in order to neutralize the object before it enters Phase 7. Should object succeed in entering Phase 7, Foundation personnel are to be deployed to destroy any cones that have been released. A thin acid spray has been found to be the most effective method thus far for quick disposal of cones.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3033-1 and SCP-3033-2 instances should be neutralized on sight. Neutralized instances should be recovered and autopsied. Any serial numbers should be recorded for identifying particular production runs of SCP-3033 as well as total units produced.
Special Containment Procedures: Three Foundation personnel are to remain on-site, with at least one employee monitoring radio frequencies for occurrences of SCP-3034. All personnel are to have at least C1 certifications in Russian. Radio equipment is to receive weekly diagnostic checks to ensure all devices are in working condition. Personnel are rotated off-site on a monthly basis.
Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-3035 are contained in Site-173 (a decommissioned Foundation site). Site-173 has two entry points: Entry A and Entry B.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3036 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell in Site-43's B-Wing. SCP-3036 is allowed exactly one hour of recreation every day. During this time, it is allowed to interact with other anomalous humanoids of similar psychological disposition.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3037 is to be kept in a standard Safe class storage locker at Site-19. When it is being transported, personnel are not to hold it in their hands; rather, it may be slid onto a wheeled cart and pushed to its destination.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3038 is situated on the wall of Warehouse 52 ███████,██████ Scotland. A 10m2 reinforced glass antechamber surrounds the object, accessible only by key card, and remains under constant surveillance. A perimeter has been established around Warehouse 52 manned by security personnel at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Any copies of SCP-3039 are kept in a sealed, opaque storage locker at Site-39. Newly discovered instances are to be retrieved by agents who have been immunized to SCP-3039’s effect. Affected civilians are to read an instance of SCP-3039 to completion before amnestization in order to assure both removal and immunization to SCP-3039's effect.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3040-1 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment unit. SCP-3040-1 may file for additional furniture items, which are to be reviewed and approved by site personnel. SCP-3040-1 is allowed to move around Site-███ as it pleases, as long as it is accompanied by two Level-2 personnel at all times. SCP-3040-1 is no longer granted wandering privileges. Any requests for SCP-3040 to be amputated are to be ignored by all Foundation personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3041 is to be kept in a secure locker on-site. Researchers are not to hold SCP-3041 or allow it to come in contact with their bare skin.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3043 is to be kept in a secure locker on-site. Access requires Level-3 clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3045's installation package is to be stored on a flash-drive, which is to be kept in a secured locker on-site. Researchers may install SCP-3045 on an isolated computer for testing purposes. Once testing is concluded, this computer is to be destroyed (along with all of its peripheral components). Any computers, buildings, or facilities containing SCP-3045 must be TEMPEST-certified1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3047 is to be held at Containment Hangar 4 at Site-06-3.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3048 is to reside in a standard humanoid containment cell. Approved reading materials and entertainment devices are to be provided and may be rotated out on a monthly basis. To better accommodate the anomaly's diet, a small refrigeration unit should be maintained within the containment room. The entity is currently housed at Site-06-3.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3049 is to remain fixed in place within a standard secure storage room. Its heat control knobs should be removed when not in use.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3050's doors and windows have all been fitted with 9 centimeter thick solid steel padlocks, with fitted iron bars covering all exteriors. SCP-3050 is also monitored by security cameras placed across the perimeter, broadcasting live feed to Site-38. In the event of civilian discovery or containment breach, Mobile Task Force Psi-7 "Home Improvement" is to be dispatched to assess the situation and reestablish containment.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation web crawlers are to monitor the communications of government officials worldwide, flagging sudden shifts in policy position for further review. If upon further investigation the official in question is found to have met with a known or suspected agent of the Manna Charitable Foundation within a short time frame of the opinion shift, Foundation agents are to administer the official Class-A or Class-B amnestics depending on the length of time since suspected exposure.1 Private and public statements contrary to previous views are to be suppressed or discredited when applicable.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3052-1 is to be kept in a Standard Humanoid Containment Chamber. SCP-3052-1's containment is to be constantly monitored via video surveillance by Level 2 staff or higher. SCP-3052-1 is allowed one session with the on-site psychologist per week. These sessions are to be observed via surveillance by Level 2 staff or higher. Any requests made by SCP-3052-1 must be directed to and approved by a Level 4 staff member or higher. Experiments involving showing SCP-3052-1 recordings of SCP-3052-2 instances are currently pending approval.
Special Containment Procedures: Guards posing as game wardens are to keep SCP-3053-A under observation. Civilians are to be warned away citing the presence of unstable sinkholes, and any that manage access to SCP-3053-B or -C are to be amnesticized and escorted out of the area.
Special Containment Procedures: A fenced, circular perimeter with a radius of 1.5 kilometers has been established around SCP-3054-A. This perimeter is maintained by MTF Kappa-9 ("Paging Nurse Ratched") under a cover story involving groundwater contamination.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3055 is to be kept in a 10x10m containment cell at Site-██, furnished with at least seven eight folding chairs as well as appropriate beds and restroom facilities. This cell is to be stocked with food and water rations, maintained by containment staff. Staff should monitor SCP-3055 to ensure that it is properly fed and hydrated.
Special Containment Procedures: A sample of SCP-3056 is to be kept in a standard bio-hazard containment locker in Site-234. Public communication lines are to be monitored for reports of similar symptoms to SCP-3056. Civilian witnesses are to be administered Class-A amnestics, while infected individuals are to be detained indefinitely in a bio-hazard containment chamber located at the closest available facility.
Special Containment Procedures: A small quantity of SCP-3057-1 is contained on-site. Members of MTF Epsilon-6 ("Oil Slickers") are to operate as first-responders in the event of a major oil spill, destroying all organisms produced via SCP-3057.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3058 is to be kept in a Standard Containment Locker at Site-73. Testing must take place in a chamber no larger than 30 m3. Test personnel must be subjected to psychological analysis before being allowed access to SCP-3058. Subjects suffering from schizophrenia, body-dysmorphic disorder, or borderline personality disorder should not be considered for testing. The host of an SCP-3058-A instance is not to be allowed to expire under any circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3059 is to be held onsite at least 20 meters away from any and all physical texts, fiction and nonfiction. Foundation documentation is not allowed within 50 meters of SCP-3059.
Special Containment Procedures: Individual instances of SCP-3060 are to be kept in high-security lockers within the storage wing of Site-64. All testing involving SCP-3060 requires the approval of both the Site Ethics Committee and Site Command. No more than four individuals may be infected by SCP-3060 for testing purposes at any given time.
Special Containment Procedures: Iterations of SCP-3061 are to be stored in high-security storage archives located at Site-81.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3062 is currently not containable by any conventional means. Procedures are limited to disinformation and tracking SCP-3062. Surviving victims of SCP-3062 are to be informed that what they experienced were hallucinations caused by dehydration and heat. Should a surviving victim of SCP-3062 refuse to believe this explanation, amnestics are to be administered.
Special Containment Procedures: Newly discovered SCP-3063 manifestations are to be reported immediately, and destroyed as soon as possible by whatever means are appropriate. All Foundation buildings, and the residences of all Foundation personnel are to be equipped with the most effective insect control measures available. At no point should personnel ever interact with or acknowledge SCP-3063 manifestations outside of immediately destroying said manifestation.
Special Containment Procedures:
Due to its non-physical nature, SCP-3064 cannot be fully contained at this time. Research Task Force 3064-Mu are to monitor social media, news sites, radio, television and local newspapers for reports alluding to physical or digital instances of SCP-3064, at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation has quarantined 1.4 km2 of public land around SCP-3065 and is utilizing cover story A-91 ("Wildlife Sanctuary"). Outpost-3065 has been constructed around the quarantine zone, and its perimeter is to be monitored at all times. All personnel must stay at least 50 500 meters away from SCP-3065, except for testing purposes. Seismometers have been deployed above SCP-3065 and are to be inspected monthly; all inspections and repairs must be carried out through remote drones.
Special Containment Procedures: A circular surveillance perimeter with a 500-meter radius is to be established around SCP-3066. Surveillance of this perimeter must be continuous, and Foundation personnel must be on standby to intercept any trespassing civilians. Class B amnestics may be applied to close-proximity civilian witnesses of an Eckhart-Anatol Discharge.
Special Containment Procedures: Active containment of SCP-3067, which involved an information-suppression scheme and a satellite-based electromagnetic intercepting system, has been postponed. Should SCP-3067 return, these systems are to be reimplemented immediately. Excluding that of Week 5, audio tracks from SCP-3067 are stored physically in Room 12 at Site-40. Access is denied to Level 1 personnel and below.
Special Containment Procedures: Several long-range Scranton Reality Cannon are trained on SCP-3068. These are to fire upon any containment breaches by SCP-3068-A instances, preventing these instances from existence in ordinary space without the need for costly physical assaults.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF Gamma-6 ("Deep Feeders") are partnered with the staff of Offshore Provisional & Research Site-3069 and Coastal North Carolinian Site-42 for the purposes of monitoring SCP-3069 activity. As deep-level research and exploratory efforts have been stalled indefinitely following the events of Exploration Log 2A, no excursions lower than pre-explored depths into SCP-3069 are to be allowed without permission from at least two acting O5 Council members, the Site Director of Site-42, and the Site Director of Site-3069.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: A 3m tall chain-link fence topped with barbed wire has been constructed around the perimeter of SCP-3071, and is to be guarded by no fewer than three security personnel posing as construction workers. Rotation of SCP-3071's security personnel is to take place every 3 weeks, or immediately if one or more security personnel are exposed to SCP-3071's effect. Any civilians attempting to breach containment and access SCP-3071 are to be amnesticised and relocated. All individuals affected by SCP-3071 are to be transferred to Site-108 for extensive research.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3072 is to be stored in a category-SSPT1 researcher-accessible office in Foundation Administrative Complex-55. The office is to be furnished with a desk, chair, photocopier, connected Foundation database terminal, and a lockbox.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3073 is to be kept in a soundproofed containment cell furnished with 1 standard sitting stool as well as 5 folding chairs set up in such a way that SCP-3073 can "present" from the stool to any audience members in the chairs. The room is to be equipped with lights capable of being dimmed by a simple, handheld remote, which will be given to SCP-3073 for it to use at its own discretion.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation personnel are to work with the Ukrainian government to ensure that the building containing SCP-3074-A remains isolated and under quarantine. Entry into this building requires a minimum of Level-3 clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: Households and orphanages affected by SCP-3075 remain under clandestine surveillance indefinitely. MTF Tau-70 (“Sun Bathers”) are on standby to recover SCP-3075-A instances should previously undocumented anomalous activity be observed, at the discretion of Site-49 Command.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3076 is to be contained in a dedicated aviary at Site-104. It is to be fed twice daily, and provided new forms of simple entertainment monthly. Visual contact with SCP-3076 is to be limited to an absolute minimum. Outside of testing, no personnel are allowed entry to the containment chamber. Test subjects must be confined to a cell or containment chamber to prevent the possible spread of infection. It is recommended that test subjects in the tertiary stage of SCP-3076-A be terminated, and all related materials destroyed. Any contact between SCP-3076 and computer systems is strictly prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3077 is to be kept in secured cryogenic storage units at Site-81 when not in use. Any and all storage units used to hold or transport SCP-3077 must be filled to maximum capacity to prevent the accidental emergence of SCP-3077-1. Instances of SCP-3077-1 and -2 may only be created with permission from SCP-3077’s head researcher. Said instances may only be created within a hermetically sealed and fully secured test chamber, and must either be destroyed via incineration or returned to cryogenic storage once testing is concluded.
Special Containment Procedures: As all known SCP-3078 instances have been neutralized and long-term containment of SCP-3078 is not possible, only preventative measures are currently in place. Foundation webcrawlers are to scan the internet for criteria indicating possible SCP-3078 manifestations. Upon detection, Foundation hackers will attempt to remove all instances as fast as possible. No testing is to be performed at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: All copies of SCP-3079 are to be kept in a secure locker on-site. Access to these copies is limited to personnel with Level-4 clearance or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3080-1 and -2 are to be kept in adjacent humanoid containment cells at Site-██. They are to be permitted to interact with each other under supervision for 90 minutes each day.
Special Containment Procedures: The mouth of the access road leading to SCP-3081 has been camouflaged via standard Foundation forestry protocols. SCP-3081 should be checked routinely, and any notable changes documented. Civilians discovered accessing SCP-3081 are to be interrogated, amnesticized and released.
Special Containment Procedures: The suburban locale surrounding SCP-3082 and the private property associated with the anomaly itself are to remain in the Foundation's ownership, functioning as a Site-11 satellite facility. In order to more easily preserve the appearance of an unremarkable neighborhood, it is recommended that Foundation personnel inhabit residences in the vicinity of SCP-3082.
Special Containment Procedures: The orbit of the SCPS Kama has been altered to allow for easier monitoring of SCP-3083. The status of SCP-3083 is to be checked once daily, and its orientation noted if an activation event has occurred. SCP-3083-1 should always be retrieved if present, however samples of SCP-3083 need only be taken if its form is visibly altered. SCP-3083-1 instances are to be transferred to Site-22 during routine cargo exchanges with the Kama and stored in a secure locker.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-3084 encountered in the field are to be seized, documented, and stored within the Site-28 Secure Archives. Full screenings of SCP-3084 are permitted only to individuals assigned to activities within Plane-3084.
Special Containment Procedures: No text or images describing or regarding SCP-3086 are to be written, typed, or drawn. Any documentation must be dictated from memory, and no transcription is to be made of the audio post-recording. All researchers assigned to SCP-3086 are to dictate research notes into digital audio recording devices.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3087's position is to be continually tracked and updated in intervals not exceeding four hours. SCP-3087's prior position and trajectory are used to predict its believed current position, which is then validated by monitoring surrounding communications for cases of missing vehicles.
Special Containment Procedures: Following its neutralisation, containment of SCP-3088 is to focus purely on the removal of its existence from public knowledge. All public roads leading to the former location of SCP-3088 have been rerouted, and maps and public information listings are being edited following standard Lost City protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: A Foundation-operated bot (I/O-SILVER) is to monitor online communities for markers associated with SCP-3089. Should a community infected with SCP-3089 be identified, a joint operation involving MTF Mu-4 ("Debuggers"), MTF Nu-13 ("Rasczak's Roughnecks"), and MTF Gamma-5 ("Red Herrings") is to be conducted to contain all members of this community and remove all evidence of its existence from the public record.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3090 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-17. Personal electronic devices, such as cell phones, computers, and handheld video game consoles are not allowed in a 12m radius of SCP-3090 except during testing periods. SCP-3090 is to have a psychological evaluation every Tuesday with Dr. August Lichen and Junior Psychologist Blake Maxson Yamagusuku.
Special Containment Procedures: As of ██/██/20██, operation of SCP-3091 is to be maintained as long as possible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3092 is to be contained in an empty room equipped with a single compatible power outlet. It is not to be plugged in or stocked with toys unless actively being tested. Testing with SCP-3092 must be preapproved by at least one Level 3 staff member, and at least one Foundation agent armed with a net launcher mock tranquilizer rifle (see Addendum 3092-01 and -02) must be present in order to subdue and contain resultant SCP-3092-A instances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3093's state is to be monitored at all times, and all reported sightings of SCP-3093 are to be recorded and sent to Doctors Vaughn and Laika for further research.
Special Containment Procedures: The building containing SCP-3094 has been fenced off and is to be monitored at all times by security cameras and occasional patrols. Renovations to the outside of the building have been completed to deter people from attempting to explore the location due to its local reputation for being abandoned and haunted.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3096 is to be kept in a standard storage locker in the High-Security wing of Site-██. At all times, it is to be exposed to an Einstein-Pálsdóttir Temporal Field (EPTF) with a temporal coefficient of +1.0125. Two redundant EPTF generators are to be maintained in the containment area and powered by batteries.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3097 is contained in a standard anomalous item locker. Testing of SCP-3097 is to take place explicitly indoors as to avoid any significant damage its effects may cause to surrounding or distant locations. SCP-3097 is to be reduced to a manageable size before re-containment after testing.
Special Containment Procedures: All maritime traffic is to be diverted from the waters in a 10-kilometer radius around SCP-3098. An acoustically insulating shell is to be installed around SCP-3098. Maintenance to this shell is to be undertaken once every two years. Efforts are to be made to approach SCP-3098-1 and gain a better understanding of its functionality. Direct contact with SCP-3098 is strictly prohibited. Images of the Martian surface gathered by civilian or government organizations are to be monitored and, if necessary, altered in order to conceal the presence of SCP-3098-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3099 is currently kept in a standard small item secure locker at Site-78. Testing on human subjects has been limited to the quota set by the Ethics Committee (currently at 6). Further increase of the testing quota must be requested from the Site-78 Ethics Committee Liaison Office.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3100 is to remain cordoned off to civilians under the cover of ongoing research by the Geological Survey of South Africa (GSSA). Access to the surface site is granted to personnel with clearance level of 2/3100 or higher. Access to the subterranean portion of SCP-3100 is prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-3101 poses an immediate danger to Foundation records management and network information, containment efforts are to be primarily directed toward communication with the entity, and long-term efforts dedicated to complete removal of the anomaly from the Foundation network.
Special Containment Procedures: Caught specimens of SCP-3102 are to be contained in Unit 39 of Bio-Site-66. Three (3) SCP-3102 specimens are allowed per enclosure. Enclosure dimensions must measure 2.0 meters by 1.4 meters. Enclosure walls must be composed of thermal resistant glass-ceramic, and lids must have a fire-resistant wire mesh. A UV lamp is to be placed over the left side of the enclosure, and one single day lamp is to be placed over the opposite side. SCP-3102 is a diurnal species, and lamps are automated to switch off during the nighttime hours. Enclosures walls and lamps are to be routinely inspected.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3103 is to be contained in an aviary cage in a standard containment chamber, isolated from any other contained specimens on Site-██. During routine check-ups on SCP-3103, researchers must not remain in SCP-3103's chamber for more than 15 minutes at once. Only D-Class may be used as test subjects for SCP-3103 experimentation, and all experiment requests must be sent to the current Site Senior Researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3104 is currently stored in Evidence Locker ████ in the Site-███ B Sector Security Substation, pending investigation. It is to remain there until the investigation is complete, at which point appropriate measures will be taken.
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-3105 are to be stored in a liquid N2-cooled storage container. Testing with SCP-3105 is to be subject to standard precautionary procedures for virulent pathogens. Note that SCP-3105 constitutes a Class A, UN 2814 biohazard.
Special Containment Procedures: An active perimeter is to be maintained in a 500-meter radius around SCP-3106. A staff of four security guards is responsible for the rapid termination of all instances of SCP-3106-1. Guards are to be supplied with military grade weapons; however, in the event of an emergency, please note that instances of SCP-3106-1 can be destroyed using any instrument or weapon that would normally destroy osseous (bone) tissue.
Special Containment Procedures:
SCP-3107 is to be contained in Sealed Containment Locker #122. Access to SCP-3107 is prohibited by order of Site-19 Administration. Individuals erroneously requesting access to SCP-3107 must submit to a mandatory psychological evaluation. Possible instances of SCP-3107-A are to be reclassified as Class-E personnel and detained.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3108 is to be contained in a standard anomalous object containment vault in Site-64, and is not to be removed except for testing purposes. Proposed tests must be approved in advance by both Dr. Johnson and Dr. Dietz. SCP-3108-1 is not to be loaded into SCP-3108 except during testing, and is to be stored in a separate containment unit.
Special Containment Procedure: A Foundation automated quarantine zone is in effect around SCP-3109 at a distance of 5,000 km. Astronomical observation, robotic and manned exploration of the body formerly known as KBO 2448-U102 is strictly prohibited to all civilian entities.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3110 is to be contained within a large containment cell in Site-76. Due to the range of SCP-3110 and its strain on resources, testing is to be limited to two times per month, where all on-site personnel are to be subjected to a full body search. Any use of SCP-3110 outside of approved testing is strictly prohibited and will result in demotion.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3111 is to be kept in a Safe storage locker at Site-17, and is only to be removed for testing purposes. When in an active state, SCP-3111 is to be observed by Level 2 staff or higher until it returns to its dormant state. Instances of SCP-3111-1 are to be stored either physically in a separate storage locker, or digitally in a secure hard drive in the Site-17 computer server, depending on the instance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3112 is to be monitored by Foundation satellites intended to detect electromagnetic radiation at a global scale. Locations identified to exhibit frequencies of 7a x 7.7a7a Hz. are to be further monitored for possible activities relating to GOI-312.
Special Containment Procedures: Knowledge of SCP-3113's location is distributed on a strict need-to-know basis. No personnel who are aware of SCP-3113 may be stationed at the facility in question. Testing must be performed remotely, with on-site participants requiring amnesticization after its conclusion.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3115 is to be locked inside a Standard Item Storage Locker at Site - ██. This locker is to be placed centrally within a containment cell measuring 5mx5mx5m and secured to the floor with standard steel bolts. The cell is to be lined with soundproofing material with an STC (Sound Transmission Class) rating of greater than 60.
Special Containment Procedures: Web Crawler LOGOUT-3F-3116 is set to search the internet for references to SCP-3116's primary anomalous property, as well as reports of hallucinations or somnambulism consistent with SCP-3116-A. Personnel will then isolate the affected accounts, determine all senders and recipients of SCP-3116 to/from that account, and then amnesticize the account operator(s) as necessary. Servers of affected internet services, as well as all computers that may contain SCP-3116, should be searched manually for SCP-3116; SCP-3116 should then be deleted.
Special Containment Procedures: A Foundation-operated bot (I/O-SPIRAL) is to monitor online communities for discussions regarding SCP-3117. MTF Phi-11 ("Promise-Keepers") is to investigate these discussions and make a determination for appropriate action on a case-by-case basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3118 is to be kept in a standard small Safe-class secure storage locker at Site-22. SCP-3118 is to be kept unloaded and with a standard trigger lock when not being tested. After testing, SCP-3118 should be examined for wear, with maintenance performed as necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3119-C's toilets must be cleaned daily; its inner and exterior walls repainted once a year; and its floor kept in a good state of repair. Ongoing containment suggests that SCP-3119-C must attract in excess of 80 people each night to avoid an Event-3119-New-Yorker. Drink prices must be competitive.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3120 is to be powered off and kept in a storage locker in the Communications Office of Site-81. One person in the administrative staff of each Foundation secure facility is to be granted Level 5/3120 clearance and briefed on the properties of SCP-3120. If the conditions outlined in Document 3120-Omicron are met, any person with Level 5/3120 clearance may broadcast a 3120-Omicron signal.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3121 is contained in Shelf C, Cage 8 of the Safe Miniature Biological (SaMBio) containment corridor at Site 66. Provisional diet is one tablespoon of nutrient-supplemented fruit mix1, twice daily. One fresh, living mealworm larva is also to be offered as food once a week, dependent on good behaviour.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-3122 are to be stored in a Faraday-cage-shielded storage container when not being used for testing.
Special Containment Procedures: All civilians who enter the municipality of Towin are to be monitored by onsite Foundation personnel. Should civilians be exposed to SCP-3123, they are to be amnesticized, and released with an appropriate cover story.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3124 is kept in Locker A57 at Site-48's Low-Value Item Storage wing. In the event that SCP-3124 must be moved to another facility, consult Appendix D for a list of storage lockers that are located and oriented such that SCP-3124 can be placed inside. During transport, SCP-3124 should be kept in a large, empty, and well-secured container that allows for significant freedom of movement.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3126 is to be held in a standard humanoid containment chamber in Site 19, and should not be brought in contact with strong magnets outside of testing, including those found in most hard drives. Additionally, SCP-3126 requires daily deferoxamine injections to treat its iron overload.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3127, currently located at Site-43, is to be contained in a 5m x 5m x 5m chamber and fed twice a day in accordance with Nutritional Chart 3127-1. SCP-3127's containment chamber is to be kept under guard by two security personnel at all times. The mental health of SCP-3127 is to be monitored by an on-site therapist for ease of containment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3128 is to be kept in a secured locker on-site. Access is limited to Level-4 personnel; following Incident 3128-073, testing is prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: Conventional containment of SCP-3129 is not possible as it is not clear whether or not the phenomenon has a tangible source. However, suppression of SCP-3129 can be achieved through disruption of Stage 1 phenomena. During state and local election cycles television broadcasts are to be monitored for occurrences of SCP-3129. Should a positive identification of SCP-3129 occur, MTF Tau-3 ("Cable Guys") are to be dispatched to the area.
Special Containment Procedures: Floor 31 of Site-88 is currently undergoing reconstruction. All personnel involved in Incident 3130-F are to be presumed missing until located.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3131 instances are to be stored on a modified desktop computer in Site-11's Digital Archives. For research purposes, every SCP-3131 instance in containment must have at least one backup copy retained in a digital storage device. A backup generator has been provided in case of power failure. See addenda content for specific SCP-3131 instance care procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: Two versions of this document, dubbed Version A and Version B, are to exist. Any personnel working with SCP-3133 are to be granted either 3133/A or 3133/B clearance, and may only view the version corresponding to their clearance. Both versions may only be edited by Dr. Six of the Ethics Committee.
Special Containment Procedures: As removing SCP-3134 from its current habitat is impractical at this time, containment is instead to focus on keeping it from exiting Zone 29-Job. Containment teams in the area are to maintain their assigned front ('Department of Mine Clearance'), while patrolling said Zone regularly to maintain SCP-3134's containment. Zone 29-Job is currently defined as region near Verdun, France, publicly referred to as 'Zone Rouge'; an area environmentally devastated by combat during World War I.
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance to the cavern containing SCP-3135-1 is to sealed behind electric fencing and kept under guard by security personnel at all times. Any individuals attempting to gain access to SCP-3135-1 are to be apprehended, interviewed, and administered amnestics as appropriate.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3136 is to be stored within the document tube it was initially found in. The document tube and SCP-3136 are to be locked in a secure, lead lined case. The case may only be unlocked by researchers involved with SCP-3136, or by O5 authorization.
Special Containment Procedures: All websites hosting SCP-3137 have been blocked to non-Foundation personnel. Any references to SCP-3137 or its effects on any website are to be immediately supressed; amnestics are to be administered to the persons involved. Any attempts at communication with SCP-3137 is currently prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation personnel embedded in literary and academic circles are to be briefed on SCP-3138; they are to report any fictional work discovered to deviate from its canonical number of human corpses.
Special Containment Procedures: The original tape on which SCP-3139-1 is stored can be found in Containment Locker 017 on the uppermost floor of Site-882. Access to the locker requires Level 2 clearance and written authorization for testing from the site supervisor. SCP-3139, as well as all material produced during testing, must be returned to the locker at the test's conclusion.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nonmaterial nature of SCP-3141, direct containment is impossible. Instead, automatic scanning software should be used to monitor quarterly reports of insurance and financial firms for undue discrepancies. Additional surveillance should be directed towards the monitoring of related trade journals and academic mathematics journals. Agents embedded in the peer review boards for such publications should be made aware of the possible presence of SCP-3141 and should be instructed to be vigilant for it.
Special Containment Procedures: All major American financial institutions have been advised to monitor consumer accounts for unexplained fluctuations, with the stated goal of preventing software malfunction. Foundation personnel embedded within the numismatics community are to suppress knowledge of the existence of SCP-3142. Individuals claiming to have experienced incidents consistent with SCP-3142 are to be located and amnesticized immediately; however, due to the detailed knowledge of SCP-3142 required to induce anomalous effects, this has been deemed a low-risk threat.
Special Containment Procedures: Attempts to contain SCP-3143 are ongoing. A Foundation-operated bot (I/O-ISMETA) is to monitor online fiction communities for signs of its emergence. When found, an authorized member of the Pataphysics Department is to be assigned to deconstruct it.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3145 is currently uncontained. Its location is currently unknown. Due to SCP-3145's related effects, the Foundation may be unable to fully contain it without unacceptable loss of resources and personnel. Until suitable containment procedures are devised, focus must be on location and surveillance of SCP-3145, and analysis of its pattern of travel, to minimize civilian exposure.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents embedded in the professional gaming community are to make posts on social media during Y-Manifestation events at locations already designated to be “gaming”, “anime” or “comics” conventions, purporting to be the event’s organizers. The overall tone of these posts is to suggest that SCP-3146 has a niche fanbase and is no longer in production as its parent company is defunct. In the event that a Y-Manifestation event has not naturally occurred in a public venue in over six (6) months, embedded Foundation agents are to stage an SCP-3146 tournament in a professional gaming event venue, whether on the official stage or on any improvised surface available.
Special Containment Procedures: A maximum of 144 instances of SCP-3147 are to be stored in Storage Locker 87A at Site-272. All extraneous instances and advertising materials are to be incinerated. Civilians found in possession of SCP-3147 instances are to be questioned regarding their acquisition and given Class-A amnestics if they have experienced or witnessed the item's anomalous effects. A falsified recall order has been issued, citing the unintended inclusion of a deliriant ingredient.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3148 is to be kept in a dedicated storage locker. This storage locker is to be fitted with a Faraday cage. Access to the files contained within SCP-3148-1 is allowed only through the isolated computer terminal connected directly to SCP-3148-1. Personnel are to be screened for changes in behavior or personality after accessing these files.
Special Containment Procedures: The building containing SCP-3149 is currently owned by the Foundation and has been completely sealed from the public. At least two security personnel are to guard the entrance to SCP-3149 at all times. Any individuals attempting to gain access to the building are to be apprehended, interviewed and released after administration of amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the extreme size of its area of effect, SCP-3150 is currently considered uncontainable. Co-operation with the government of Turkmenistan is currently not possible, due to the strong influence of ORIA preventing cordial relations. Site ██, covertly located in the Karakum desert, has been repurposed for the sole purpose of researching and utilising SCP-3150. Researchers wishing to utilise SCP-3150-3 for research purposes via the Sadra Initiative are to apply to Dr. K████ at Site ██.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-3151 in Foundation custody are to be kept in mass storage at Site-22. Any testing with SCP-3151 must be approved by at least one member of Level 3 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures:. SCP-3152 is placed with the instances of SCP-3152-1-1 through SCP-3152-1-4 in a standard containment locker at Site-19. The isolation of SCP-3152 from sources of mail is adequate containment to ensure its effects do not spread.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3153 is to be kept in an artificial habitat appropriate for centipedes in Site-64 as specified in construction sheet 3153-A. The interior of the habitat is to be decorated like a non-specific major metropolitan area, with visual and audio props meant to convince SCP-3153 that they are still living in the outside world. In addition to the normal care required by centipedes, SCP-3153 is to be sustained through a weekly social interaction session with one to five D-Class personnel, or employees of GoI-466 (Wilson's Wildlife Solutions)1 that have Level 2 Site Wide Clearance and wish to apply themselves2. Those who wish to sustain instances of SCP-3153 through social interaction must first pass through psychological evaluation meant to detect tendencies toward excessive emotional attachment. Each session is to last a maximum of 1 hour, and to be monitored closely by Researchers for the eventual biological and behavioral alterations in SCP-3153. All significant alterations are to be registered for posterity in order to gain a better understanding of how the genetics of SCP-3153 operate. Civilians who come into contact with wild instances of SCP-3153 are to be given Class B amnestics, and the instances are to be recovered by GoI-466.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3154 may be kept in any standard storage locker, preferably wrapped in some disposable material (such as paper) to enable safe handling. Care must be taken not to cut oneself or others on SCP-3154's edges; use of gloves is recommended for handling of SCP-3154.
Special Containment Procedures: Each current extant SCP-3155 instance is to be kept in a Humanoid Containment Chamber Type B; the cells are to be outfitted with precautionary measures designed to counter the occupants' specific individual phenomena. SCP-3155 instances are to be kept in Site-43's B-Wing.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-3156 may be safely stored in Containment Lockers 23 and 24 at Bio-Site-66.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3157 is to be kept fenced off and guarded by at least nine security officers at any one time (one officer for each sector of the park). Entry to SCP-3157 requires at least Level-2 clearance and direct permission from a staff member of Level-4 clearance or above. Any individuals entering SCP-3157 must be kept under external video observation at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Standard exclusionary precautions for medium-size stationary oceanic anomalies apply for SCP-3158. Expungement of SCP-3158 from satellite imagery is unnecessary. Access is denied to all personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Popular media and the internet are to be monitored for references to SCP-3159, with amnestics to be administered as required.
Special Containment Procedures: As detailed in the Boring Agreement, SCP-3160 is currently contained primarily by GoI-466 ("Wilson's Wildlife Solutions") with a limited degree of Foundation oversight. All specimens comprising SCP-3160 are to be kept in an enclosure at Wilson's Wildlife Solutions HQ and fed daily in accordance with Nutritional Chart 3160-1. No objects other than those required for feeding or maintenance are to be introduced to the SCP-3160 enclosure.
Special Containment Procedures: A perimeter of 2 km is to be maintained around SCP-3161 at all times with no less than six security guards on constant patrols. Any civilians caught attempting to enter this perimeter must be detained, administered class-A amnestic, then turned over to local authorities.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3162-A is to be housed in a secure Site 19 storage locker. When not in use, SCP-3162-A is to remain unplugged and disconnected from all peripherals. SCP-3162-A may be powered on and connected to a mouse and keyboard only for testing by Class-D personnel or researchers with appropriate clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3163 is to be kept in a secure Site-19 storage locker. On the first of every month, the full text of SCP-3163 is to be recorded and correlated with current astronomical and meteorological data, as observed from central Pennsylvania. SCP-3163 is to be monitored on a daily basis for unexpected edits or updates, and any such deviations are to be appended to its monthly record.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3164 is currently maintained as private property by a Foundation shell company. Routine checks are performed by local operatives to ensure no individuals remain on the island after sundown.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3165 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber. Toilet must be replaced with a grated drain for waste removal. Additional furnishings are to include several extra cushions and one 1.5m x 1.5m 5kg weighted blanket. Containment chamber should be cleaned daily.
Special Containment Procedures: The Garfield media franchise is to remain active and successful for as long as feasibly possible. Funding is to be provided to any Garfield media ventures via Foundation front companies present in the comic and film industries. Agents embedded within Paws, Inc.1 and Universal Uclick2 are to place targeted memetic agents in outgoing comic strips, encouraging the retention of a sizable Garfield fan-base and discouraging Jim Davis from discontinuing Garfield.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-3167 is to primarily focus on the seizure of volumes it has entered and affected. In addition to containment of affected volumes, individuals affected by SCP-3167 are to undergo amnestic therapy for a period of time until SCP-3167's perception-warping effects are no longer present.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3168 is to be kept in a standard inanimate-object containment locker at Area-12. Research proposals involving the use of SCP-3168 must be made in writing to site command. Unless required for authorized experimentation or study, instances of SCP-3168-1 are to be euthanized by the time they are three years old; the remains of instances of SCP-3168-1 that are not required for experimentation or study are to be incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3169 is to be kept in a small refrigerated unit. Use of SCP-3169-1 instances for research purposes is restricted to personnel of Level-2 security clearance or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3170 is currently contained in a Standard Type-A Humanoid Containment Cell at Site-128. An intact SCP-3170′ corpse is stored in the on-site morgue to assist in identification efforts; additional SCP-3170′ cadavers and remains should be incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: The savanna where all known instances of SCP-3171 reside is to remain under Foundation ownership. Cameras are to be hidden within the perimeter and monitored 24/7 by security guards. Thirty remotely-controlled omnidirectional speakers should be placed throughout the property.
Special Containment Procedures: The area containing SCP-3172 is to be concealed behind an erected two meter tall concrete wall, which is to be patrolled by security personnel regularly. Any individuals attempting to gain access to SCP-3172 are to be apprehended, interviewed and administered amnestics as appropriate.
Special Containment Procedures: Civilians should not be allowed on the island of SCP-3173. In a 2km radius around the island, civilian boats are to be redirected under the guise of a warning of jagged rocks directly under the water’s surface. An agreement with the United Nations and Russian government has been reached to block satellite footage and the airspace over the island.
Special Containment Procedures: When not in use, SCP-3174 must be locked inside a standard locker in secure storage. After the events of Incident 3174-A, SCP-3174 must be contained within a single locker in a sealed room in complete darkness. Under no circumstances are researchers with children permitted to handle SCP-3174.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3175 is housed in a Standard Humanoid Containment Unit at Site ██. Toys, books, games and other stimulation are to be provided at the discretion of Dr. ██████. SCP-3175 is to be allowed up to two hours of outdoor play per day under supervision.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3177 is to be stored in a standard anomalous object containment locker. Level-2 clearance is required to remove SCP-3177 from its locker and allow viewing.
Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-3178 are to be stored in the standard crates provided in Sector-457 of Site-77. SCP-3178 instances are not to be removed from the crates without the authorisation from a Level 3 researcher. The opening of SCP-3178 packets is to strictly be in a secured standard humanoid containment unit within a different building from which tests of SCP-3178 are conducted.
Special Containment Procedures: As transportation of SCP-3179 is not feasible, a containment bunker has been constructed around the object. Mobile Task Force Zeta-10 ("Death Metal") are to monitor growth of SCP-3179 and sever sections of its main body to prevent expansion beyond acceptable levels. Any instances of SCP-3179-1 expelled by SCP-3179 are to be eliminated immediately and subsequently analyzed. All personnel interacting with SCP-3179 are to be thoroughly decontaminated before and after each interaction.
Special Containment Procedures: Any person affected by SCP-3180 is to be immediately amnesticized; complete recovery has (eventually) been observed in 100% of cases when all memories of past interactions with SCP-3180 have been excised. Carrot consumption throughout the southern United States should be monitored for quick detection of potential outbreaks.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3181 has been purchased by the Foundation and its exterior remodeled such that its SEP index is 0.1, minimizing public interest.1 Remote surveillance is performed from an office building that shares SCP-3181's parking lot.
Special Containment Procedures: Undercover personnel stationed outside of SCP-3182 are to remove any individuals attempting to gain access. A cover story involving unstable construction is to be disseminated as justification for this. Past witnesses to a Deimos Event are to be tracked down and administered amnestics as appropriate for their level of exposure. Due to the relative isolation of the town of Denton, difficulty in locating these individuals is not expected.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3184 instances are to be stored, maintained and propagated (as required in respective testing procedures) in Site-██ Botanical Research Centre. Most SCP-3184 instances are to be tended as per Standard Flora Maintenance 3184-A, with variance in individual species of SCP-3184 to be catered for appropriately. To prevent injury from more hazardous individuals, Standard Flora Maintenance 3184-B must be followed in accordance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3186 is to be contained behind a perimeter of two meter tall electrical fencing and kept under guard by two covert security personnel at all times. Any individuals attempting to gain access to SCP-3186 are to be interviewed and administered amnestics as is appropriate for their level of exposure.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-3187 is primarily focused on suppressing public knowledge of it. Foundation satellites are to scan the Pacific Ocean for the appearance of new island-like bodies in unexpected locations and are to log these occurrences as potential SCP-3187 sightings. If the sighting is confirmed by surveillance drone, all non-Foundation satellite images of the sighting are to be digitally altered to remove evidence of SCP-3187. Furthermore, Foundation nautical vessels are to be deployed to form a 10-kilometer perimeter surrounding SCP-3187 and prevent unauthorized entry.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3188 is flagged for the following heightened containment protocols:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3189 is contained within the facility it was originally discovered in. The property has been purchased by the Foundation and has been designated Site-76-F, a satellite facility to Site-76. Standard security features for satellite facilities have been deemed sufficient to prevent unauthorized access to SCP-3189.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-3190, fallout from DOYLE-events require little in the way of clean-up. At the head researcher's discretion, SCP-3190-A instances deemed to be an unnecessary information leak can be treated with Class-B amnestics. All others are to be allowed to filter through their respective judicial systems.
Special Containment Procedures: A three meter perimeter is to be outlined around SCP-3191. This perimeter may not be entered outside of testing, with at least one supervisor in attendance. Only C- and D-Class personnel may cross the boundary of the perimeter.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: Area 837B has been constructed around SCP-3194 under the pretense of establishing a protective habitat for a previously unknown and critically endangered species of inland Aptenodytes. The four-square-kilometer site includes temporary facilities to support the exploration of SCP-3194 and is surrounded by a continuously patrolled perimeter fence. The entrance to SCP-3194 is enclosed in a 50 m opaque geodesic dome. Due to the geographical remoteness of SCP-3194, no additional containment procedures are deemed necessary at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: A month before an expected PUB-Event, Task Force Rho-4 (The Bookworms) is to obtain Penguin Random House's shipping manifest of all bookstores receiving shipments of the next Rex Dangerly book. This list is to be forwarded to all participating Foundation Mobile Task Forces. At the start of a PUB-Event, Foundation MTFs are to confiscate all SCP-3196-A instances. All civilian witnesses are to be given Class-B amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: The components of SCP-3197 are to be kept disassembled in a standard containment locker. Testing may be initiated by any employee with a Level 2 clearance. Non-Foundation personnel who came in contact with SCP-3197 before containment are to be administered amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: All live instances of SCP-3199 are to be contained on Site-114 within a Keter humanoid containment chamber, the walls of which should be coated in approximately two centimeter thick acid-resistant steel. Two meters of empty space are to be allocated between this chamber and secondary containment.
Special Containment Procedures: At present, primary containment procedures consist of exploring ways to slow down the expansion of SCP-3200. All potential research inquiries along this line are open for consideration, as no current solution, permanent or temporary, has been found.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment procedures for SCP-3201 are limited primarily to disinformation protocols surrounding SCP-3201, exchanges and agreements with SCP-3201, and communications with SCP-3201.
Special Containment Procedures: D-78818 is exempt from any scheduled termination or transfers, and may be kept in a standard low-threat humanoid containment cell.
Special Containment Procedures: Only personnel with Level 4 Clearance, or access to the the Foundation's financials may have access to information regarding SCP-3203. All other personnel shall be targets of a misinformation campaign regarding the source of funding for the Foundation.
Special Containment Procedures: A concrete enclosure 20 meters in diameter and 10 meters in height has been air-lifted and placed over the top of SCP-3204. The north side of the enclosure has a two-door mantrap system for access to SCP-3204. Equipment designed to monitor, examine, or otherwise observe the interior dimensions of the enclosure containing SCP-3204 are strictly forbidden, outside of the purposes of testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3205 is to be secured in a locker aboard a Foundation aircraft, currently SC-491, a Gulfstream V passenger aircraft based at Site ██ and used for personnel transport between facilities. The aircraft should be scheduled to make at least two flights per week, preferably to an international destination. If the aircraft is unable to complete this requirement, SCP-3205 is to be transferred to an aircraft with a similar schedule for the duration. A GPS tracking device is affixed to SCP-3205's locker to aid retrieval in case of accident. Any vehicle or location containing SCP-3205 is to be monitored by video surveillance of the interior and exterior and the footage reviewed on a fortnightly basis.
Special Containment Procedures: Turkana County, Kenya must be under phone surveillance. Individuals confirmed to be affected by SCP-3206 must undergo the necessary surgical procedures under the auspices of both a physician and veterinary doctor, followed by amnesticization and release. A maximum of 50 affected individuals may be allowed to persist under SCP-3206 for no more than three months at a time for the purpose of behavioural study.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3207 is currently kept in a 8m x 8m x 6m containment chamber located at Site-10. SCP-3207 is not to be activated except under strict testing conditions. Any potential movement on the part of SCP-3207 when unpowered is to be prevented via steel restraints binding its wheels and base.1 Maintenance of the organic and non-anomalous portions of SCP-3207 are to be performed twice a month by an on-site team of engineers and medical doctors briefed on the details of SCP-3207’s construction.
Special Containment Procedures: Public knowledge of SCP-3208 is to be controlled by Foundation personnel. Members of Mobile Task Force Mu-7 "The Whirlwinds" are to search all available media for signs of SCP-3208-infected individuals in order to enact isolation and quarantine.
Special Containment Procedures: Personnel interacting with populations of SCP-3209 are to wear liquid-crystal active shutter glasses operating at or above 60 Hz. Wild specimens of SCP-3209 are to be captured and relocated to an on-site lepidopterarium. Monasteries keeping SCP-3209 populations are to be closely monitored for specimens escaping into the wild.
Special Containment Procedures: Area 3210 is to be built around SCP-3210-A, with at least one kilometer between the edge of SCP-3210-A and the perimeter of Area 3210. An electrified fence five meters tall is to be built 300m outside of SCP-3210-A. This fence is to have guard towers positioned every 500m. Any instances of SCP-3210-B who attempt to reach this fence are to be terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-3212, it is unable to leave Site-██. Audio recording devices must be placed in all 30 of Site-██'s rooms to monitor the position of SCP-3212. These devices must be repaired by Site-██ personnel in the event that SCP-3212 attempts to damage them. Site-██ is to be inhabited at all times by no less than 30 sighted personnel with Security Clearance Level-3 or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3213 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell on floor 20 of Site-88. Under no circumstances is SCP-3213 to be allowed unsupervised interaction with any member of any pinniped species (pinniped families include, but are not limited to, walruses, seals, and sea lions). Testing of SCP-3213's effects is to take place in the aquatic facilities on floor 21 of Site-88.
Special Containment Procedures: A specialized Foundation webcrawler1 will monitor digital advertising exchanges for new copies of SCP-3214. Blocking or deleting SCP-3214 from its current exchange may temporarily prevent new SCP-3214 from being served.
Special Containment Procedures: All five (5) respective instances of SCP-3215 are to be contained in a one-hundred and fifty (150) centimeter long and one-hundred and forty-two (142) centimeter high reef tank at Biological Containment Site-66. Personnel with a Level 3 or higher security clearance are permitted access to the room containing SCP-3215's tank. SCP-3215 is to be sustained on a diet of small fish.
Special Containment Procedures: Entrance into SCP-3216 is to be dissuaded by posted guards. Any subject emerging from SCP-3216 should be engaged with maximum non-lethal force and taken to Site-85 for questioning. Every 30 days, three field operatives are to enter SCP-3216 and determine if any changes to the internal structure have taken place.
Special Containment Procedures: All non-profit organizations which operate within the United States of America are to have outgoing mail screened for SCP-3217 instances. In the event that a name on a piece of junk mail does not match any individuals residing at the relevant address, it is to be incinerated under the assumption that it is an SCP-3217 instance.
Special Containment Procedures: Known instances of SCP-3218 are to be purchased or requisitioned by the Foundation through any available means and secured in their place of manifestation, as instances of SCP-3218 cannot be relocated without termination. In cases where requisition or purchase is deemed unfeasible, the instance of SCP-3218 is to be terminated following Protocol 3B, and amnestics distributed to non-Foundation personnel known to have come into contact with SCP-3218.
Special Containment Procedures: A ninety-kilometer exclusion zone has been established along the boundaries of SCP-3219. This zone is to remain uninhabited; ten Foundation personnel operating as agents of the National Park Service are to be stationed at its perimeter. In addition to their official duties as park rangers, they are to perform daily examinations of the exclusion zone, including the access point for SCP-3219.
Special Containment Procedures: The shaft leading to SCP-3220 has been filled with concrete. No further exploration or investigation into SCP-3220 is permitted at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3221 has been surrounded by a secure facility, and is to be guarded at all times. To observe Window events, and to provide warning of any Shatter events, constant video surveillance is to be maintained.
Item #: SCP-3222
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3222 is to be kept in a standard Safe storage locker at Site-██. Once daily, at a time in accordance with the rules outlined in Addendum 3222-b, a researcher with clearance level 2 or higher is to write using SCP-3222 for at least 30 minutes. Further rules for the proper usage of SCP-3222 are outlined in Addenda 3222-b and 3222-c.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3223 currently resides in a specialized refurbished greenhouse containment unit, located in the botanical facilities section of Site-17. Access to this greenhouse requires Level-3 authorization; recurring visiting rights may be granted via written permission from the site director.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3224 is to be taught as a mundane complication to all ultrasound technicians in training under the name endouterine phytiasis. SCP watchdogs are to screen for mentions of endouterine phytiasis in available medical databases, and offer the affected free professional medical care within the Foundation before SCP-3224's anomalous capacities become apparent. Amnestics may be distributed should this prove impossible.
Special Containment Procedures: Mackenzie Park is to be restricted from public access. A fence has been erected around the perimeter of the park, and locals have been notified of an environmental hazard in order to discourage attempts at entry. Security personnel are to maintain a distance of at least five meters from SCP-3225. Physical contact with SCP-3225 is only permitted with the permission of the presiding Site Director. Individuals who show signs of unusual interest in SCP-3225 are to be detained for questioning.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3226 is to be kept in its original promotional packaging and held within a moisture-controlled storage locker. The location of this locker is to be at least 20 meters from any biological laboratories or Foundation gravesites.
Special Containment Procedures: Approximately 1000 kg of live insects with high alkaline content and/or small animals are to be dropped into SCP-3227 on a bi-monthly basis via helicopter or drone. Instances of SCP-3227 are to be encompassed by electric fence and monitored at all times by security personnel, maintaining a distance of at least one kilometer from SCP-3227. Under no circumstances are humans to enter SCP-3227 without proper equipment. Due to the nature of SCP-3227, authorization to conduct research directly will only be granted in the week prior to the bi-monthly feeding. Should there be any issue with the harvesting equipment, repairs must be scheduled during the week prior to the bi-monthly feeding.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3228 is currently housed in a standard humanoid containment cell at Humanoid Containment Site 06-3. Additional beds are also located near SCP-3228's containment cell to be used in testing. All testing of SCP-3228 is to be supervised by Dr. McCormick and, upon completion of testing, all subjects are to referred for full psychiatric evaluation in order to determine the extent of 3228's effects on the subject.
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance to SCP-3229 must be monitored by a Foundation naval contingent to prevent any unauthorised access. The Foundation nuclear submarine SCPF Johansen must remain stationed at the entrance to SCP-3229. In the event of a containment breach, Protocol Alert-27 is to be initiated immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: With the assistance of the Unusual Incidents Unit, the original record of SCP-3231 has been confiscated and all related records expunged from the local police department and FBI.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3232 is to be kept in an isolated reinforced glass cell for observation, located at Site-██. The seams of the cell are to be sealed with industrial resin coated in liquid adhesive. Resin and adhesive will be replaced bi-weekly due to SCP-3232's environmentally destructive behavior. Any containment breaches of instances of SCP-3232-1 will be dealt with using common household insecticides depending on species. Due to the nature of this object, pillows of any kind are disallowed within 50 meters of the testing area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3233 is to be contained in a modified humanoid containment cell in Site-104. The ventilation of SCP-3233's cell is to be entirely self-contained and separate from that of the rest of Site-104's, and equipped with filters lined with activated charcoal to prevent escape of SCP-3233-1. SCP-3233 is to absorb a tenrec pup every 96 hours.
Special Containment Procedures: Priority is to immediately quarantine and transport individuals experiencing the effects of SCP-3234 to the nearest Foundation site equipped for humanoid containment. MTF ETA-62 "White Noise" has been established as of ██/██/██, with a mission to quickly locate and limit SCP-3234’s spread through the general populace.1
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-3235 are to be stored in refrigerated BSL-3 storage at Biological Containment Site-██.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3236 is stored at Site-136. Experimentation with SCP-3236 may be performed with the prior written consent of the site administrator. The tank is to be emptied and thoroughly cleaned and disinfected after each use.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the intangible nature of SCP-3237, containment is based upon securing the subject's cooperation. Should SCP-3237 become uncooperative the use of a non-lethal auditory cognitohazard has been approved1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3238 is to be contained at Site-19 in a standard anomalous object container. Foundation web-crawlers will scan all portions of the web for the phrases "dado juice" and "dado juice energy drink". Upon detection of either phrase, MTF Alpha-4 ("Pony Express") is to be deployed with the primary mission of containment of SCP-3238. Secondary mission protocols are to detain PoI "dado" for Foundation questioning. Testing of SCP-3238 is suspended at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3239 is to be kept in a soundproofed object containment locker at Site-86 for preliminary research, not to be removed from such outside of testing. Research personnel showcasing signs of previously undiagnosed mental afflictions are to be assessed under psychiatric consultation, and be investigated for unauthorized usage of SCP-3239. Once the aforementioned preliminary research is concluded, SCP-3239 is to be moved to Site-44, allowing for usage of the on-site electromagnetic isolation field and manmade technology specialists.
Special Containment Procedures: At least twelve afflicted specimens from each species susceptible to SCP-3240 should be in Foundation custody. Captive specimens are to be contained in enclosures that mimic their natural biome, but do not allow for contact with unaffected members of their species. Populations of susceptible species should be monitored in locations of appearance and locations of predicted future appearance. The location of future occurrences is determined using the Lowell-Kost Algorithm described in Document 3240-Asterion.
Special Containment Procedures: SARC1 is to continue developing a safe and effective containment strategy for SCP-3241. Until such a strategy exists, procedures to contain SCP-3241 will focus on mitigation, observation, and the prevention of outside contact.
Special Containment Procedures: The subject should be contained in a rodent cage. Live rodents or similar-sized animals should be housed within the vicinity and are not to exceed forty in number.
Special Containment Procedures: An area of the Florida Everglades National Wildlife Refuge has been purchased by the Foundation, under the guise of a private philanthropist-funded conservation effort. A research cabin has been established in the area most frequently visited by SCP-3243 and is currently staffed by three research personnel and one containment specialist with experience in invertebrate biology. This cabin is to receive monthly allotments of supplies from nearby Foundation sites.
Special Containment Procedures: The house containing SCP-3244 is to be secured against outside visitors by Foundation agents. Utilizing the Foundation front company "Southern Crosscut Pines" the surrounding properties are to be purchased from their current owners in order to effect more permanent containment.
Special Containment Procedures: Stored in a medium security humanoid containment unit, SCP-3245 is to be provided with normal humanoid amenities contingent on continued good behavior. All excrement and waste shall be held in one of Site-77's low-security containment vaults. Once per day, SCP-3245 is granted access to a Level-1 psychological researcher. Upon SCP-3245's request, this researcher may bring word or puzzle games within Site-77 into its containment chamber for recreational purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3248 is currently owned and occupied by Agent Carnigan. During SCP-3248-1 events, the windows of SCP-3248 are to be sealed, and soundproofing equipment within SCP-3248 is to be activated.
Special Containment Procedures: A sample of the original Kentucky Fried Chicken "Eleven Secret Herbs and Spices" is to be kept in a standard Safe-Class item locker in Site-88. A digital copy of the recipe is available on the Site-88 database. Widespread reproduction of SCP-3250's effects has been made impossible due to the exclusive rights of Kentucky Fried Chicken to market and sell chicken flavoured with its trademark secret recipe, as well as the acquisition of the ██████████ Family Plantation through a Foundation front and the subsequent monopoly established on the ██████████-variety peppercorn.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3251 is currently held in a medium-sized terrestrial animal enclosure at Site-48. The temperature and humidity within SCP-3251's enclosure are to be regulated and made to simulate that of its native, tropical environment. SCP-3251 is to be met with the same nutritional accommodations as a non-anomalous member of its species. Level-3 clearance and/or permission from the operating Site-Director is required to interview or otherwise interact with SCP-3251.
Special Containment Procedures: Information Rehabilitation Program Phi-Theta-Rho is ongoing to support mainstream research in paleontology. Multiple theories on the causes of the Permian-Triassic Extinction Event are encouraged as long as they fall within the scope of modern scientific knowledge. Research in several fields are monitored regularly, including paleontology, geology and astronomy. Any publication of information regarding the true nature of SCP-3252 are to be promptly suppressed or discredited and their authors investigated for further action.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3253-A is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell and provided with adequate enrichment according to established Ethics Committee Protocol. SCP-3253-A is not permitted to come into contact with SCP-3253-C. SCP-3253-A may come into contact with SCP-3253-B under supervision and for no longer than 60 minutes at a time. SCP-3253-A is not permitted any object that can be sharpened to the point of cutting or damaging skin. SCP-3253-A is to undergo quarterly psychological profiling to avert the formation of suicidal tendencies. SCP-3253-A's fingernails are to be kept short to prevent obsessive scratching of its skin.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3254 is to be contained at Zoological Containment Site-282 in a large containment enclosure that adequately emulates the Pacific Northwest. Food is to be placed in the enclosure twice a day. Along with dietary needs, recycled electronics are to be left throughout the enclosure. Twice a year, 2-4 stuffed bear plush toys are to be placed in the enclosure in locations where SCP-3254 will discover them.
Special Containment Procedures: A two meter tall perimeter of electrical fencing is to be erected around the Indrid Ardo Mental Wellness Center and will be patrolled by security personnel. Any individuals attempting to gain access to the building are to be apprehended by security, interviewed and administered amnestics as appropriate.
Special Containment Procedures: Information relating murders that follow the modus operandi of the SCP-3256-A released to the public are to exclude all information related to the states of the bodies. Individuals responsible for cataloging evidence related to the crimes of SCP-3256-A (police officers, members of the medical examiner's office) are to be administered amnestics as appropriate, and information regarding the bodies is to be modified to a degree that it is rendered non-anomalous.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3257 is to be kept in a secure item locker at Site-77. All SCP-3257-B instances are to be kept in a cryonic storage chamber at Site-77. Personnel are required to don Class I biological hazard attire when engaging in experiments involving SCP-3257-B's interaction with SCP-3257.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-3258 are to be kept in a standard bio-containment cell within Site-██. Any observed changes in the SCP-3258’s behavior are to be reported to a supervisor of Level 4 clearance or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: Keyword-analysis LAI1 programs installed in emergency response software and implanted agents at various public health agencies worldwide shall monitor reports for mention of SCP-3259 manifestations. Upon manifestation, local Disinformation Bureau (SCP-DB) agents shall respond to interview and amnesticize the affected civilians. Given that repeat exposure to the resultant infestation may cause the recurrence of memories regarding the anomaly,2 exterminators are to be engaged at the Foundation's expense to eliminate the vermin.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-3260-A should be interrogated and exposed to SCP documents matching their previously assigned clearance in order to ascertain the degree of perceptive dissonance displayed by them. After such procedures are conducted, instances of SCP-3260-A may receive amnestic treatment and be reassigned to non-critical positions within suitable Foundation front companies.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3261-1 and all instances of SCP-3261-2 to be stored in a secure containment locker in the E wing of Site-64. SCP-3261-2 instances are only to be removed from the locker for testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: Two protocols for the handling of subjects exposed to SCP-3262 are permissible:
Special Containment Procedures: A containment plan for SCP-3263 is in development. Interaction with individuals manifesting next to ███████████████ Castle via SCP-3263-B is limited to observation. Efforts to secure ███████████████ Castle are underway.
Special Containment Procedures: No direct action is required in the containment of SCP-3264, however, its current location, the now abandoned Site-41-A, is to be kept under watch at all times by assigned Observation Personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: You can think about these later. You know everyone reading these abbreviated reports skips them anyway. You're the one in charge here, baby! No one would even notice. You know what to do with SCP-3265, yeah? SCP-3265 is all you after all, doll. Get to the good stuff, yeah?
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3266 is to be contained within Provisional Site-109. Due to the nature of SCP-3266, it is impossible to relocate it to avoid accidental civilian exposure. Civilians aware of SCP-3266 are to be escorted off the premises and administered Class-B amnestics. A cover story regarding the cleanup of the area for a housing development will be the only public acknowledgement of SCP-3266 by Foundation personnel. In the event of an on-site disappearance, the next of kin to the individual affected by SCP-3266 are to be monitored for reports of SCP-3266-1; Class-A amnestics are to be administered to individuals exposed to SCP-3266-1.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: The device SCP-3268 is currently residing in should be kept in Electronic Storage Facility-██. Any form of digital messages sent out from its current computer are to be traced, and the devices that have received the messages are to be seized and taken into Foundation custody. Internet access is to be disabled on the device currently housing SCP-3268. Any attempts made by SCP-3268 to connect to the internet are to be intercepted and blocked by Foundation internet security. In the event SCP-3268 attempts to communicate, any and all text files created are to be archived at Digital Archive Site ██.
Special Containment Procedures: All reports of phenomena consistent with SCP-3269 must be investigated promptly. Special attention should be paid to communities and content creators focused on "popping" or similar activities.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3270 is to be kept within a storage locker on Site-64. All photos of SCP-3270 are to be deleted upon discovery, excluding photos of any copies of SCP-3270. Instances of SCP-3270-1 are to be kept at Site-88, but otherwise are allowed to roam the facility freely, with the exception of areas limited to Foundation personnel. Instances of SCP-3270-1 are to be fed cooked fish and milk at regular intervals. Requests for toys and other amenities are to be approved by 3 Class B Personnel on Site-88, though requests cannot exceed 30 (Thirty) US Dollars in cost.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3271 is to be contained in a 5m x 5m x 5m humanoid containment chamber, which is to be kept under guard by two security personnel at all times. This containment chamber is to be equipped with a drainage system to prevent accumulation of rainwater. In order to prevent uncontrolled lightning strikes in the containment chamber, SCP-3271 is to be kept gagged.
Special Containment Procedures: Agents should be assigned to monitor the general population for SCP-3274 instances. Particular focus should be paid to itinerant individuals and groups, refugees and other undocumented populations. Agents should be granted a large degree of autonomy and minimal records should be kept of their activity and methods.
Special Containment Procedures: Any manifestations of SCP-3275 are to be closely monitored; currently the Foundation is to allow SCP-3275 to occur so long as the phenomenon manifests exclusively under specific controlled conditions.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation web crawlers have been trained to detect and take down mentions of and advertisements for The Healing Company on social media websites. Posts made by personal or business accounts are to be tracked, and the poster, as well as their extended family and social circle, are to be investigated for instances of SCP-3276-1.
Special Containment Procedures: All seven instances of SCP-3277 are to be held in a high-value storage locker at Site-76 when not in use. Each instance is to be securely affixed with a GPS tracking tag to enable rapid recontainment in the event an instance is stolen or translocated during testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3278 is to be sealed over with a concrete dome capable of withstanding impacts of over 490,000 newtons. Access by testing divers is to be accounted for.
Special Containment Procedures: All recovered SCP-3279-1 instances are to be shipped to Site-55 for storage. Instances are to be stored in standard humanoid containment cells; multiple instances may be placed in a single cell for as long as volume permits. Retrieval, transportation, and maintenance of all SCP-3279-1 instances may be carried out only by personnel suffering from severe congenital prosopagnosia.1
Special Containment Procedures: One D-Class personnel is to be deposited into Sub-Level 2 per week through Subterranean Access Point Gamma.
They are to be presented with misleading information concerning the nature of SCP-3280, and instructed to progress to the lowest level of the facility. They are to be equipped with a flashlight, as well as a security baton for self-defense. An ultrasonic transmitter is to be sewn into their clothing, which will broadcast a frequency capable of drawing SCP-3280 to their location upon accessing the deepest area of the sub-level. This should draw SCP-3280 away from the sub-level's entrance, to its preference for live prey.
Special Containment Procedures: No method is known to prevent the spontaneous occurrence of subtype-A or T incidents of SCP-3281, and resource-allocation is currently prioritized toward the inhibition of SCP-3281 outbreaks.
Special Containment Procedures: The cave in which SCP-3282 currently resides in is to be restricted from public access, under the guise of a wildlife conservation effort.
Special Containment Procedures: Site 874-Beta shall be monitored by at least two security personnel at each entrance. SCP-3283-1 shall be held shut with a wooden dowel 1.5 meters in length. SCP-3283-2 shall have a metal bar bolted across it to hold the switch in the ON position, and a locking cover shall be mounted over the top of the entire switch and switch plate. The supervising researcher shall hold the key.
Special Containment Procedures: There is currently no known method of efficiently containing SCP-3284. Personnel may submit experimental containment proposals to Senior Researcher Dr. Anna O'Neil for review. Proposals to apply a non-Keter classification to SCP-3284 are preemptively denied per O5 order until a fully effective containment strategy has been devised.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3285 is stored in a standard high-value containment locker in Site 73, and can be obtained with the approval of the current project head. Testing on any subjects other than D-Class requires the approval of the Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation patrol boats are to monitor the area surrounding SCP-3286 to prevent civilian access. An underwater barrier has been built to surround the plateau that SCP-3286 resides on. SCP-3286’s containment area is to be routinely monitored for foreign organisms. Under no circumstances are personnel to enter SCP-3286’s enclosure. One live adult fish longer than 45 centimeters is to be released into the enclosure per day. SCP-3286 is to be regularly monitored for death among the colony. SCP-3286-B events are to be regularly tracked and monitored.
Special Containment Procedures: An SCP-3288 population no less than twenty nor greater than thirty individuals is to be maintained at Humanoid Containment Site-282. Each SCP-3288 must be contained within individual containment units; behavioral studies that require SCP-3288 to SCP-3288 contact are to be conducted with the utmost caution. SCP-3288 are to be terminated where encountered and disposed of per hazardous waste protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3289 is to be kept in a standard secure locker with constant monitoring to detect anomalies in behavior. Only Level 2 or higher personnel are authorized to remove it from its containment. Copies of SCP-3289 are to be stored away in a secure cabinet. Personnel should request permission before testing on SCP-3289.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation responses to different 3290-Events will depend on different circumstances. These include but are not limited to:
Special Containment Procedures: Specimens of SCP-3291 are to be secured in a botanical containment facility at Site-872. They are to be contained within a monitored greenhouse environment large enough to house a non-anomalous version of SCP-3291. In the event that a contained specimen enters its active phase, all produced instances of SCP-3291-1 are to be collected and incinerated, and the acting site director is to be notified immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: The area surrounding SCP-3292 is to be fronted as a privately owned nature reservation under the ownership of senior researcher Chelsea Grant, and funded by Halcyon Industries. Trespassers are to be taken to Site-990 for questioning, administered Class-B amnestics, and released. Air traffic over SCP-3292 is to be rerouted.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3293 is kept in a Standard Humanoid Containment Cell. Due to a history of non-compliance and the nature of its anomaly, SCP-3293 has not been given any standard amenities. SCP-3293 is to be kept under constant surveillance, and a search of the containment unit must be conducted daily. Approved researchers are encouraged to visit SCP-3293 to enforce compliance and maintain a high morale.
Special Containment Procedures: A physical manuscript containing “TYRFING” infectious information must be kept at all times. This manuscript is to be used solely to create a digital file that can be duplicated if all other sources of “TYRFING” infection are lost.
Special Containment Procedures: As all attempts to remove SCP-3295 from Baseline reality have failed, individual instances are currently under the jurisdiction of each Site Director. Directors may utilize SCP-3295 instances as designated smoking rooms or restrict access to them at their discretion. In accordance with the Foundation Health and Safety Code, SCP-3295 is generally the only indoor location in Foundation facilities where smoking is permitted.
Special Containment Procedures: The remains of SCP-3296 are to be left in orbit. Retrieval of SCP-3296 will occur when more pressing matters are resolved.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3297 is to be held within a standard humanoid containment chamber. Cleaning of SCP-3297's containment cell is to be carried out once weekly only when it is dormant. The dormant state can be triggered by lowering the temperature of its containment cell below 20°C ten minutes before entry. No meals are to be provided.
Special Containment Procedures: An automated webcrawling bot, CROSS-29803, has been assigned to monitor online personal advertisements and ‘missed connection’ websites for SCP-3298 sightings, and delete posts as necessary. Civilians suspected to be targeted by SCP-3298 should be detained and interrogated for research purposes. Although the properties of SCP-3298 make disclosure affecting normalcy a low risk, Class B amnestic administration is advised prior to their release.
Special Containment Procedures: Major internet advertising agencies are to have their output automatically monitored by I/O-BEHOLDER1 for instances of SCP-3299; any such detected instances are to be deleted using previously installed Foundation trojan software, and attempts to track their source should be made.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-3300 is focused on observation and ensuring it does not spread from the affected area. A mobile observation post has been set up five kilometers outside the town of Clear Water, Montana for this purpose. Attempts at manned exploration of SCP-3300 events are currently suspended.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3302 is contained in Safe Containment Storage Locker #86, Site-42 Anomalous Media Wing. As of 02/16/2018, further testing is postponed pending Level 4/3302 approval.
Special Containment Procedures: As per the terms and conditions of the Würzburg Summit, the Foundation may not acquire any instances of SCP-3303 except by purchasing it from Marshall, Carter, and Dark.
Special Containment Procedures: The facility containing SCP-3304 has been occupied by Foundation personnel, and no unauthorized access to the object is permitted. No manned or unmanned exploration of SCP-3304 is to be attempted at this time. At its own request, SCP-3304-2 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell in Site-19.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF Gamma-84 (Holy Toasters) are to be permanently stationed at SCP-3305. All personnel attempting to gain access to SCP-3305 without prior approval are to be detained, administered Class-A amnestics, and released.
Special Containment Procedures: An unassuming wooden structure, designated Site-3306, has been constructed over the area surrounding SCP-3306 to prevent its detection by passersby and satellite observation, and a secondary motorized platform has been built around the immediate circumference of SCP-3306 to ensure that researchers may comfortably communicate with 3306-POI subjects.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3307 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell, currently in Site-17. The containment chamber for SCP-3307 is modified to allow for transport and disposal of produced materials through a garbage chute installed on a wall. In order to limit production of unwanted materials, personnel are to avoid line-of-sight with SCP-3307 when outside of a testing environment. If transportation is necessary, SCP-3307 must be rendered unconscious, or otherwise made unable to detect the presence of any personnel interacting with it. Food items produced by SCP-3307 outside of a testing environment are to be confiscated and destroyed immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3308 is currently housed within Hangar 91, a unit specially constructed by the Foundation on the face of Mount Mitchell, part of the Appalachian mountain range in the area of Yancey County, North Carolina. Despite the angle of the slope, the compound maintains level balance using a large mechanical platform and swivel joint at its base, able to be remotely controlled by staff at Site 104. The edifice has been deemed off limits to civilians under the guise of a top secret testing facility.
Special Containment Procedures: As a result of the inability to remove SCP-3310 from Crater Lake, containment must be focused on the prevention of activation events caused by the impediment of SCP-3310's movement. SCP-3310 is never to be removed from the lake, and if its movement ever becomes restricted, it is to be released or returned to Crater Lake immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3311 is to be kept closed and locked at all times. No personnel are to enter SCP-3311 for any reason other than for testing purposes. The facility containing SCP-3311 should be monitored for any suspicious activity and patrolled by a Foundation agent posed as a security guard.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation webcrawlers must monitor all forms of social media for any signs of SCP-3312, including video sharing platforms, cloud databases, and chat forums. Links, URLs, and advertisements relating to SCP-3312 are to be neutralized via RR-113 protocols. All leads to ATF are to be logged for future reference.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3313 is, once recovered, to be kept in a high value containment chamber on floor 46 of Site-88. This chamber should utilize at least 2 of the extant overlapping Scranton Reality Anchor fields on that floor to suppress the reality altering effects of SCP-3313. Individuals are not allowed to come into direct physical contact with SCP-3313.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3314 paintings are to be kept in a climate controlled cooler in order to prevent deterioration. Testing, experimentation, or other use involving SCP-3314 can be initiated by personnel with a clearance level of 2 or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3315 should be kept inside a copper-shielded thermal insulation locker and stored within the Site-76 Low-Risk Inanimate Objects Warehouses when not in use. All personnel interested in research with the object must first obtain approval from project head prior to experimentation. Additionally, personnel requests for testing purposes requires administrative approval and several rounds of D-Class screening prior to admission.
Special Containment Procedures: A process of disseminating false medical data relating to the occurrence of eye injuries in Guttenberg, New Jersey, is to be carried out on a regular basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3318 is currently contained in a 15m x 15m x 30m off-site containment bunker located twenty-five kilometers away from Site-10. No personnel are to enter SCP-3318’s active range under any circumstances. Any personnel who do enter SCP-3318's active range are to be terminated immediately1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3319 is to be constantly monitored from a remote observation post in the neighboring mountains. Any changes in SCP-3319 activity are to be reported immediately to Dr. Stuyvesant.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3320 is contained within Zone-3320 in the southern Atlantic Ocean. Zone-3320 consists of Site-3320 on Bouvet Island, leased to the Foundation in perpetuity by the Norwegian government, and a 50km exclusion zone in the surrounding ocean. SCP-3320 should be positioned at a point between 15 and 30km from Site-3320, with no vessels or aircraft to come within 2 5 10km of SCP-3320 except when required to implement containment procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its status as a small celestial body, SCP-3321 is currently uncontained. It is being autonomously monitored by Research Unit-5 at Lunar Area-32. Any significant changes to SCP-3321 are to be reported to the Director of Research and the Director of Containment at Lunar Area-32.
Special Containment Procedures: One Foundation operative is embedded in both SCP-3322-A and SCP-3322-B at all times (given the designation Operative A/B while on station). Fluency in Spanish and familiarity with the cultural practices and lifestyle of Patagonia is required for Operative A, and fluency in Mongolian language and knowledge of Mongolian lifestyle and culture is likewise required for Operative B. In order to minimise the effects of SCP-3322, both these operatives should be selected for similarity in family background, personal history, personality, and interests. They are required to be physically and psychologically healthy and to have been unaffected by an anomaly for the last 3 months. As the number of Spanish-speaking staff available to the Foundation is much larger than the number of Mongolian speakers, it is advisable to initially recruit for the Mongolian B position and subsequently find a suitable match for the A position.
Special Containment Procedures: Over the course of the next decade, the Foundation is to introduce thousands of unique cryptocurrencies into the market, creating an economic bubble. As more cryptocurrencies are created, the value of "Lyvecoins" will devalue, eventually resulting in the cryptocurrency bubble popping by the year 20██. Any surviving forms of cryptocurrency are to be acquired by the Foundation and restricted against donating to SCP-3323.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3325 is contained on-site, surrounded by the existing perimeter fence, and guarded by a team of no fewer than 4 security personnel. As the structure exists in a remote location, no additional security measures are necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-3326 are to be stored and utilized in conjunction with a second instance of SCP-3326 so that each unit is covered by both its own Scranton field and the field of its partner unit. All disassembly, transport, and deployment of SCP-3326 units must be overseen by the member of MTF Rho-2 (Leapfrogs) assigned to that particular unit pair. No movement of SCP-3326 units off or between sites will take place without authorization from the site director and escort from a contingent of MTF Rho-3 (Bullfrogs).1
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance to SCP-3327, along with approximately 1km2 of surrounding land, has been placed into Foundation custody by the Russian government. The area has been designated an official military site and is guarded appropriately. Any unauthorized personnel who enter SCP-3327 are to be amnesticized and removed from the site, following standard secrecy protocol.
Special Containment Procedures: A single unedited collection of SCP-3330 is to be kept in a paper medium and held in a storage locker at provisional Site-64T, currently constructed within SCP-2400, which, in turn, is contained within Site-59. This decision was deemed appropriate due to the lack of apparent celestial bodies aside from the seemingly stationary sun located within the dimension outlined in its file. Doing so negates the effects of SCP-3330's cognitohazardous abilities. Furthermore, a proprietary Onsite Reality Event Protocol must be mandated. A system of three Scranton Reality Anchors must be placed in an equilateral triangular pattern around SCP-3330's chamber, as well as a Weak Force Lang-Scranton Stabilizer1 (WFLSS) in order to maintain a consistent Hume level within containment and surrounding area at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3331 is to be stored on a secure pedestal in the centre of a containment chamber measuring at least 5m3. Instances of SCP-3331-1 are to be contained in standard humanoid containment chambers.
Special Containment Procedures: All witnesses of SCP-3332 manifestations are to be located and given appropriate amnestic treatment. Areas SCP-3332 manifests in are to be closed off from public use until demanifestation. Any footage of SCP-3332's manifestation and effects are to be seized and taken into Foundation custody and falsified reports of multiple vehicle thefts are to be planted.
Special Containment Procedures: The trapdoor leading to SCP-3333 is to remain shut and locked at all times. At least one operative is to remain posted under SCP-3333 at all times to prevent entry or exit. The door to SCP-3333 is to be examined for signs of damage daily.
Special Containment Procedures: The primary instance of SCP-3334-1 is to be stored on several hundred server disks in Site-15’s datacenter, with secondary remote replicas at Site-19 and Site-64.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the popularity of SCP-3335, it is currently considered uncontained in certain dense population centers of the world.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3336 is not contained and is considered to have breached Foundation control the moment it manifested. The Ethics Committee has ruled against suppression of SCP-3336 from public perception using global application of amnestics. Current procedures are focused primarily on research.
Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-3338 and the individuals sharing a living space with them are to be monitored regularly via non-invasive methods. Foundation personnel are to conduct bi-monthly interviews with the human tenants under the guise of maintaining compliance with building safety regulations. Removal of SCP-3338 instances and application of amnestics to corresponding tenants may only be carried out with approval from the current project head.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3339 is to be blocked by all backbone internet service providers. Level 2/3339 clearance is required to access SCP-3339. Should unauthorized civilian access to SCP-3339 occur, MTF Gamma-5 ("Red Herrings") is to be deployed to the site of access to administer Class-A amnestics to all witnesses of SCP-3339-1 or SCP-3339-2.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3341-A and SCP-3341-B are housed in the Eastern Province Settlement Zone and Ogaden Settlement Zone respectively, in collaboration with the governments of Saudi Arabia and Ethiopia. Mobile Task Force Stigma-9 ("Evolved from Naturally Occurring Gears, Levers and Pulleys") is dispatched to Ogaden Settlement Zone to invalidate all propaganda spread by SCP-3341-B1 and/or the Cogwork Orthodox Church.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-3342 are to be contained at Site-103 in a greenhouse for cultivation and study. The greenhouse measures 10 m x 25 m x 3 m and is reserved for the cultivation and study of SCP-3342 only. Potato crops from Blackfoot, Idaho are to undergo monthly assessment by Foundation personnel, under the assumed identity of state agents (i.e. FDA) or university researchers. Any potato crops showing signs of black flowers shall be seized and contained by MTF Theta-4 ("Gardeners"). All instances of SCP-3342 are to be relocated to Site-103 for containment. In the event of a containment breach, Class B Amnestics will be administered to all witnesses, and all samples of SCP-3342 should be collected by MTF Theta-4 for transport to Site-103.
Special Containment Procedures: N/A
Special Containment Procedures: Unnecessary because subject itself is likely not contagious, but the symptom of something else. SCP-3344 can just sleep in whatever is available in Site 24; unused bunk rooms, empty quarters, floors, wherever. It's not going anywhere anytime soon, so consider it self-contained.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3345, when not in use, is to be stored in a standard safe-class secure locker in Site-73. Personnel with level-2 clearance or higher handling SCP-3345 are to wear protective gloves must wear protective clothing covering the body and head. Personnel are not to read SCP-3345.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3346 requires no unusual containment procedures beyond a standard containment locker in Site-19. Testing is to be approved by SCP-3346's primary researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3347 is currently owned by the Foundation under the Alias of ████ ███████. At least one Foundation agent is to maintain residence of SCP-3347 at all times, as well as provide necessary maintenance. No personnel are to reside in SCP-3347-1 or SCP-3347-2 for extended periods of time unless authorized to do so for experimentation purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3348 is to be kept in a safe secured via a combination lock at least five (5) characters in length, which itself is to be contained within a standard Safe-Class containment chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: Individuals affected by SCP-3349 are to be admitted indefinitely as inpatients under routine care in Foundation Long-Term Acute Care facilities so as to not re-expose SCP-3349 to civilian physicians and the medical community at large. Reports of instances are to be intercepted by field agents, who are to use experiential discretion regarding the use of Class A amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures:
It is not possible to discern the location or time frame in which instances of SCP-3350 materialize due to their anomalous appearance terms. Field agents must search residencies actively at the hours of 2 and 8 AM on a daily basis for SCP-3350 instances to prevent discovery by any nearby residents. Impersonation of typical mail carriers during investigation is approved by the Foundation if deemed necessary. Any instances of SCP-3350 or recordings of instances found to be in the possession of any individual are to be taken into Foundation custody. SCP-3350-1 subjects altered by SCP-3350 instances are to be held for the following year to negate any changes made to their bodily structure and/or appearance. After this period, they are to be given class B amnestics then released. All other non-SCP-3350-1 witnesses are to be given class A amnestics before their release. SCP-3350 disks must be stored in a standard storage locker at Site-15 for possible later use by the Foundation. Testing utilizing SCP-3350 disks are to be confirmed by one class 4 personnel and supervised by project director Austin Cavan. A proposal for utilizing SCP-3350 instances as standard issue self-aid tool for disabled Foundation agents is pending, awaiting O5 approval.
Special Containment Procedures: Areas where SCP-3351 has been determined to occur are to be cordoned off for that night. Personnel overseeing these areas are not to observe SCP-3351.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3352 is to be kept in a standard containment locker at Site-19. For testing purposes, Level 2 and 3 personnel assigned to handle SCP-3352 are required to have a background in dermatology. During tests involving the usage of SCP-3352 on a subject, personnel are required to wear a fire proximity suit and utilize enhanced secondary tools made from elements with melting points greater than 1300°C. Subjects are prohibited from wearing clothing as such attire can pose a fire hazard. Cultures of the exudates produced via SCP-3352 may be collected for further research.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation historians specializing in European folklore are to maintain a list of numerically-significant dates to predict future SCP-3353 manifestations. Locations that have been confirmed affected by SCP-3353 manifestations are to be investigated at least twice monthly, as per dates noted on the predictive list.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3354 and its immediate vicinity is to be completely surrounded by anti-climb perimeter fence, 2.5 meter tall, under the guise of setting up a nature preserve. Guard posts and automated gates are to be placed at all three major paths leading to the top of the hill and manned at all times. Other than for previously scheduled testing, no vehicle may in any circumstances enter the site. Restoring pedestrian access to the site is currently under consideration.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3356 is to be kept in a Level-4 Humanoid Containment Unit1 at Site-06-3. Special nutrients are to be prepared by the SCP Dietary Department and delivered weekly to the subject's containment unit. Additional security personnel or measures for SCP-3356 are deemed unnecessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3357 is to be stored in a chamber of at least 6 meters by 6 meters by 2.4 meters. The object should stand centered in a 6 m by 6 m floor space marked by walls and/or tape. It is recommended that restroom facilities be available within the perimeter of this area for the convenience of test subjects. SCP-3357 must remain fixed securely in place.
Special Containment Procedures: A wire fence has been built in the area immediately encompassing SCP-3358. Signs denoting the area to be a refuge for endangered plant life have also been placed within a 1km radius of SCP-3358 to reduce the probability of civilians entering the area. In the event of non-Foundation personnel entering SCP-3358, intruders are to be immediately apprehended and administered Class B Amnestics before being released at the nearest population center.
Special Containment Procedures: Provisional Site-90 has been established over the entrance of SCP-3359 in order to restrict access to SCP-3359 and to contain any instances of SCP-3359-1. SCP-3359 is monitored at all times, and any sightings of SCP-3359-1 within it are to be reported to the current site manager. No personnel are permitted into SCP-3359 without written approval from at least three Level-3 clearance personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3360 is contained within the center of a Standard Humanoid Containment Cell. The floor of the cell should be 6 meters by 6 meters, and SCP-3360 is to be placed in the exact center. Tests conducted upon SCP-3360 and requests to construct new instances of SCP-3360 should be approved by the Level 3 Researcher assigned to it.
Special Containment Procedures: Sightings of SCP-3361 are to be intercepted by the nearest Foundation Agents, who are to interview those who have interacted with the entity and administer Class B amnestics as deemed necessary. Followup teams are to be sent under a cover up story of public health investigation in order to increase the overall cleanliness of the area and prevent manifestations of SCP-3361 temporarily. Research into means of more permanent containment is ongoing.
Special Containment Procedures: CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES INACTIVE AS OF 07/25/2018
Special Containment Procedures: Individuals affected by SCP-3363 should be assessed on a case-by-case basis; if an individual's range of effect is 1m or greater they should be housed in a Faraday cage shielded Standard Humanoid Containment Cell. Individuals whose range of effect is less than 1m, or those whose range falls below 1m while in containment, may be released following the administration of amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3364 is to be kept in an insulated canister in a standard containment locker in a climate-controlled storage wing at Site-19.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3365 is to be kept in a large chamber in Vacuum Containment Sector of Site-15 at all times, accessible through an airlock, which is to be sealed when SCP-3365 is not being researched. All air is to be removed from the containment chamber if any hatches on SCP-3365 are to be opened. Additional airlocks are to be sealed in the halls nearby SCP-3365’s chamber, in the event of a hull breach on SCP-3365. All researchers wishing to access SCP-3365 must enter the containment chamber through the airlock and wear a pressurized environment suit (PES). All sources of flames are prohibited from entering SCP-3365, or its containment chamber. Both hatches on SCP-3365 must be closed before any researcher leaves the chamber. All satellite imagery containing SCP-3365-1 are to be visually edited to remove SCP-3365-1.
Special Containment Procedures: No new instances of SCP-3366 have been reported since 2010. Active containment is not required beyond existing disinformation protocols conducted during initial investigation.
Special Containment Procedures: Given SCP-3367's status in the community, total informational containment is unfeasible. Measures have been made to designate the former site of Corinthian Ministries and its associated campground as a health-hazard site, using a standard methamphetamine lab explosion cover story.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation webcrawlers are to routinely search comedy-based websites, social media, and other potential online vectors for instances of SCP-3369. Such instances are to be logged, traced back to their source, and deleted. All reports of mass hysteria, upswings of auditory hallucination diagnoses, or similar sudden onsets of mental illness in a single area are to be investigated for links to SCP-3369. Mobile Task Force Phi-7 ("Stand-Up Citizens") are to be mobilized upon confirmation of an outbreak, and all carriers of SCP-3369-1 are to be questioned and administered Class-A amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-3370's effects cease once the subject leaves the affected flight, disinformation campaigns currently center around depicting "Miriam Wells" as a local hoax/in-joke similar to the Bielefeld Conspiracy. Several popular social media accounts including an "/r/miriamwells" subreddit and "Official Miriam Wells" Facebook page have been established and are currently operated by Disinformation Division operatives.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3371 is to be contained within a high-grade intangible humanoid containment chamber (minimal furnishing). Requests pertaining to the use of artistic implements are to be denied.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3372-A and B are to be stored in separate Safe-class containment lockers in Site-22. Testing with SCP-3372-A requires level 3 clearance. Testing with SCP-3372-B requires level 4 clearance. Tests on SCP-3372-A and SCP-3372-B may not be performed simultaneously.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3373 is to be removed from circulation and Foundation web analysis bots are to perform takedowns of any instances that appear online. The Foundation is currently working with CBS Corporation to ensure that SCP-3373 is never made public.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Gamma-7 (“Nereids”) is currently stationed at the town of Wakoe, Illinois to monitor for and intercept any instances of SCP-3374 manifestation. The Wakoe County Public Recreation Complex has been adapted to serve as a base of operations for the Foundation personnel assigned to SCP-3374. Any samples of biological material taken from SCP-3374-1 instances are to be kept in cold storage at the base. At least three Level-2 researchers specializing in marine biology are to remain at the site at all times to oversee research processes.
Special Containment Procedures: All publicly-operated aquariums in North America and Europe hosting 500 or more species are to be monitored for the appearance of SCP-3375 instances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3376 is to be kept in a modified coastal fauna/flora containment facility with a simulated tidal cycle, water salinity, and mineral content matched to the eastern waters of the Indian Ocean.
Special Containment Procedures: Protocol Bacchus1 is to be carried out at each Foundation containment and administrative site, unless specified otherwise by Site Command2. Provisional Site-386 has been set up in the Loire region of France in order to produce wine for the enactment of Protocol Bacchus.
Special Containment Procedures: Hospitals and walk-in clinics in areas surrounding SCP-3378 outbreaks are to be warned through our CDC contacts of an antibiotic resistant strain of legionella pneumophila. As the common strain of Legionnaires Disease has a 5-10% mortality rate, higher for victims with comprised immune systems, this will provide cover for the quarantine and eventual possible death of SCP-3378-1 instances.
Special Containment Procedures: All sea traffic within 15 km of SCP-3379 is to be rerouted. Two boats are to patrol the area surrounding SCP-3379. SCP-3379-1 instances are to be delivered to the nearest Research Site for study.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation implants in various academic groups and organizations will continually monitor supporters of STEM for potential SCP-3380 influence. Foundation web bots will monitor internet sites for mentions of these supporters paired with transfinite numbers, self-harm, and deceased logician Kurt Gödel. If an SCP-3380-A instance is identified, the subject will be retrieved by Foundation agents in the surrounding area, and will be brought to the nearest containment facility. Standard missing persons protocols will be used for disinformation on the subject's retrieval. Members of the Society of the Atheist Partisans of Progress for the Halt of the Irrational and Religious Enemy (SAPPHIRE)3 are to be monitored as well due to suspected involvement.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3381 is to be stored in a locker in safe storage when not in use. All testing on SCP-3381 must be approved by Dr. Corvino and properly documented according to Foundation protocols. SCP-3381 must be used every two weeks to ensure the object's integrity. This procedure must be performed by D-class personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Delta-66 ("Poster Boys") are to monitor highways in the state of Arkansas for SCP-3382-A appearances. Instances are to be relocated to containment at Site-64. Testing has revealed SCP-3382-A instance are non-anomalous in nature, and personnel are authorised to disassemble and repurpose material in the interest of storage. Foundation webcrawler DjinnSpotter is to monitor social media and forums for mention of the name or number featured on SCP-3382-A instances, and flagged posts are to be deleted with class-A amnestics administered to all involved individuals. Information warning against make-a-wish scams is to be disseminated throughout Arkansas in order to discourage civilian interaction with uncontained SCP-3382-A instances.
Special Containment Procedures: The residential properties and forested area directly bordering SCP-3383 have been purchased by a Foundation front company, and are to be occupied by panel-selected D-Class individuals and a staff team of three Level-2 researchers and five security personnel. All houses in the area have been provided with basic amenities and will receive weekly food and essential item deliveries.
Special Containment Procedures: Social media platforms and video hosting websites are to be monitored by Foundation-operated web analysis bots for posts advertising a "try not to laugh" video compilation. These video compilations are to be recorded for fifteen seconds and sent to a manual observer on-site. Should the recorded fifteen seconds consist of blank footage, the observer is to flag it and have the video taken down immediately. Web analysis bots must operate 24/7 and are to be checked for defects on a weekly basis.
Special Containment Procedures: In the event of an SCP-3385 event, MTF-Epsilon-48 (Ghost Riders) is to be immediately dispatched to the affected region. Capture and containment of SCP-3385-1 and -2 instances are to be made a priority, with amnestics to be administered to any civilian witnesses as required.
Special Containment Procedures: A thaumaturgical research team is to be assigned to the ritual site associated with SCP-3386, and tasked with determining a means to reverse the summoning process.
Special Containment Procedures: All attempts at the closure of SCP-3387 have failed due to intervention from the Walt Disney Company. In exchange for cooperation in the containment of several other Disney related anomalies, SCP-3387 is currently allowed to operate as normal. Foundation agents embedded in staff and security at Walt Disney World are to identify individuals at risk of infection by SCP-3387 at the park entrance using facial recognition software to cross-reference travel records and are to deter such persons from accessing SCP-3387 through the discreet usage of amnestics and/or physical detainment. Park guests determined to be infected with SCP-3387 are to be quarantined on-site until they can be safely extracted by Foundation operatives. At no point is any member of the Foundation to enter SCP-3387 without the express approval of senior research staff.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3388 is to be contained in a climate-controlled containment chamber at Site-42. SCP-3388 is to kept at the center of the chamber such that the walls and ceiling are at least 7m away from SCP-3388. Windows in the ceiling of the chamber are to allow natural sunlight into the room. SCP-3388 is to be watered once a day through a hole in the ceiling positioned directly above SCP-3388. All personnel are prohibited from entering SCP-3388's containment chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: All buildings, private, and public land in a 10 km radius around SCP-3389 have been purchased by the Foundation and designated Provisional Site-93. All roads and pedestrian pathways leading to SCP-3389 are to be cordoned off and maintain a patrol of armed guards. An electrified chain-link fence topped with barbed wire has been erected in the immediate vicinity surrounding SCP-3389. Eight guard towers, each occupied by no less than two armed Foundation personnel and equipped with security cameras, have been erected to watch over SCP-3389 at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Floor B19 of Site-99 is to remain in a permanent state of lockdown, power to this floor is to remain cut and all entrances to be destroyed or sealed, with exception to the lower fire exit stairwell which must remain behind its magnetically sealed blast door. This door is to be kept under observation until protocol violet has been completed.
Special Containment Procedures: In cooperation with the government of Greece, a naval exclusionary zone has been established 9 km from SCP-3391 under the guise of a SPAMI1 ecological reserve. Approaching civilian ships and other vessels are to be turned away. Any vessel attempting to breach the perimeter will be detained, and its occupants subsequently amnesticised. Two Foundation naval vessels are to patrol the perimeter at all times, and are to serve as monitoring stations for SCP-3391.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3392 is to be kept mounted on the wall in its chamber and recorded by at least two video cameras during active testing, arranged in a way so that all writing on SCP-3392 is clearly visible at all times. Supplies of chalk and erasers are to be replenished as needed. Researchers with a master's degree or higher in mathematics are to supervise and observe test subjects while they are interacting with SCP-3392 and review session recordings. Under no circumstances are any personnel other than D-class permitted to write on SCP-3392 or modify the writing on its surface in any way. Any personnel who have been affected by the object are to be administered class A amnestics.
Item #: SCP-3393
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3394 is contained within a subterranean cell constructed primarily of concrete with fiberglass reinforcement. The debris surrounding SCP-3394 is contained within a cubic mahogany wood barricade no less than 20cm in thickness, constructed using dovetail joints1.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-3397 occurring at a regular location and time each year, containment measures need not be enacted for most of the year. From the 22nd to the 25th August, civilians are to be deterred from entering the areas at which SCP-3397 manifests using the cover story of "restoration and preservation of archaeological sites." At no point is any sentient individual requiring a functional respiratory system permitted to make physical contact with any of SCP-3397-1 through -22. Metal objects are to be kept away from any manifestation of SCP-3397.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3398 is contained in situ. Civilians are to be restricted access to SCP-3398 under the pretense of condemnation. The entire perimeter of SCP-3398 is to be sealed off using a standard chain-link fence, apart from a single gate allowing personnel access. Two personnel with memetic resistance are to be stationed in the adjacent building to SCP-3398 for close monitoring. Personnel may restrain or amnestize any civilians approaching SCP-3398 when deemed necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3399 is to be stored in a standard secure storage locker. Protective gloves should be worn when handling to prevent accidental activation.
Special Containment Procedures: A division of Mobile Task Force Gamma-6 is to monitor the population of Omura's whales (Balaenoptera omurai) and all specimens found to expel SCP-3400 are to be terminated on sight. Any SCP-3400 expelled is to be collected and incinerated. Approximately 5 litres of SCP-3400 is kept on-site for experimental purposes. All personnel interacting with SCP-3400 must wear liquid-proof gloves and avoid direct skin contact with the substance at all times. Human subject testing is prohibited for the foreseeable future.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3401 is contained in a standard anomalous item locker.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3402 is currently uncontained. Global social media as well as regional news channels within 600 kilometers of De Jest, Meteore Parish1, Louisiana, are continually monitored using machine learning algorithms. Once detected, MTF Sigma 80 "Crimson Permanent Assurance" will be dispatched to seize recordings, dispense amnestic treatment to all witnesses, and attempt to secure as many anomalous individuals as possible in a Foundation humanoid anomaly carrier modified with an asbestos baffle between the containment area and the crew compartment. Fire crew in Meteore Parish have been supplemented by clandestine field agents, and aerial firefighting equipment has been donated to local emergency response teams through a shell company.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3403 is to be kept within a secure item locker when not in use. Requests for testing may be submitted to the Research Director at SCP-3403's site of containment (Field Office 352-Zayin as of 01/10/2015). Following any testing or transport, SCP-3403 is to be rinsed in water and wiped clean to prevent manifestation of anomalies.
Special Containment Procedures: Documentation detailing the requirements and procedure for SCP-3406 is available to personnel with 3406/3 Clearance. Supplies suitable for its performance are available at Site-27; Testing Chamber 48-A is available for testing of SCP-3406.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3409 has been hermetically sealed to inhibit the spread of SCP-3409-A. An outer perimeter fence topped with barbed-wire has been established. As the structure is located in a remote location, additional security measures to deter civilians are unnecessary. Nevertheless, warning signs indicating a chemical hazard are placed along the perimeter. An on-site security team is to guard the structure against attempted retrieval by hostile agents. Use of lethal force is authorized.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3410 is to be kept in an inanimate item storage locker equipped with motion-sensing devices. When vibration is detected, the liaison at the Unusual Incidents Unit's Foxburg office must be immediately notified of the activation event. The object is housed at Site 179 due to the Site's proximity to SCP-3410's target area of activation.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents embedded in postal services are to intercept all instances of SCP-3411 in circulation1 and bring them into containment at Site-22. Pursuit of the entity or entities behind the creation of SCP-3411 instances is not currently authorized. Attendant NR is to work with containment teams as a liaison to the O5 Council2.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3412 is contained in a secure item storage locker in Site-19. Further requests for testing are to be submitted to a Level Three researcher, and are considered low-priority.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3413 is to be monitored by the Foundation webcrawler program I/O Kiwi. Any uploads will automatically be saved to a secured Foundation server and deleted from the channel. Downloaded episodes are to be immediately reviewed by containment specialists. Individuals expressing the belief that any information in an SCP-3413 video was not always true are to be detained and interviewed. Non-Foundation personnel are to be administered a Class-B amnestic following interview.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3414 is currently under the administration of the Kenyan Slum Cleanliness Programme (KSCP), a Foundation-affiliated slum upgrading initiative. For concealment purposes, it has been incorporated into KSCP's administrative building in the Kibera district. SCP-3414's entrance is to be secured with a pair of steel braces to prevent accidental activation; the braces should only be retracted for experimental or feeding purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: Maintenance Team-3415, consisting of Class-C personnel cycled in biyearly from a candidate pool, is stationed at SCP-3415's containment area. Two members of Maintenance Team-3415, trained as plainclothes guards, are to maintain a constant presence outside the building.1
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3416 is to be stored upon a pedestal within a standard containment cell. A perimeter with a radius of 10 meters has been established around SCP-3416, in which all objects weighing less than 23kg are required to be bolted to a solid surface. Guards and personnel in proximity of the perimeter are to be wary of any spontaneously levitating objects, and must report such activity to the acting Hazardous Materials Containment Liaison (HMCL) supervisor on duty.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3418 is contained onsite at Outpost-3418. Personnel assigned to Outpost-3418 are required to rotate out every two consecutive weeks, with staggered terms. Personnel must be observed by at least one other staff member while sleeping, without exception.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3419 is kept in a sealed vivarium at Bio-Containment Site 84, which has been specially modified to contain a three meter layer of loose dirt and to account for a large group of animals. Otherwise, the vivarium is not unlike other Foundation vivariums, and as such is maintained and cleaned weekly. During cleaning and maintenance, staff will take care not to disturb members of SCP-3419 or their constructs. The entrance to SCP-3419's vivarium is fitted with a standard retinal scanner lock. SCP-3419-Alpha will be allowed to produce offspring until further notice.
Special Containment Procedures: The structure that now houses SCP-3420 has been bought through various shell corporations and has been marked as a health hazard due to hazardous levels of asbestos. The structure has been deemed Provisional Site-531 and is to be staffed with no less than three individuals trained in hospice care. All civilians who enter Provisional Site-531 are to be treated with Class-C amnestics and released.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3422 is to be preserved in cold storage at Site-10 and kept under guard by two security personnel at all times. Under no circumstances are personnel to attempt learning more regarding the circumstances behind the murder of SCP-3422. All personnel working with SCP-3422 are to be periodically administered with Class-B amnestics in order to prevent activation of its anomalous effects.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3423 is stored in a standard windowless object containment chamber at Site-91. Two curtains have been installed on each side of the frame of SCP-3423 and can be used to cover the object, in case of a similar event as the one detailed in Addendum 3423-3.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3424 is kept in a large, clear glass storage container at Site-19 with access to sunlight. SCP-3424-01 does not need accommodations traditionally given to humanoid SCPs. When these have been provided, there has been no noticeable change in either SCP-3424 or SCP-3424-01.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3425 is to be contained in a transparent chamber measuring 5 m x 5 m. The door to SCP-3425's chamber can be unlocked by any personnel Class 3 or higher. SCP-3425 is to be exposed to a 1 kg sheet of iron twice a week. The resulting object is to be removed from containment and studied. SCP-3425's behavior is to be monitored hourly, and any abnormalities must be reported to researchers involved with SCP-3425. In the event that SCP-3425 begins acting distressed, it is to be given a 5kg steel ingot and must be monitored until it resumes normal behavior.
Special Containment Procedures: Until the nature of SCP-3426 can be definitively ascertained, containment should focus on preventing as many of the theorized conditions for its occurrence as possible. As such, scientific progress into a unified physics hypothesis1Footnote One: Colloquially termed "theories of everything," such as string theory or loop quantum gravity. and the creation of infinitely sustainable energy should be heavily impeded. Other areas of social and technological progress that could potentially result in an occurrence of SCP-3426 on Earth must be prevented by any reasonable means currently available. Additional measures may be taken in the event that the collective human race approaches attainment of Type I civilization status (as defined on the Kardeshev scale)2Footnote Two: Defined as being able to store and use all energy that reaches the planet from the parent star..
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3427 is to be kept in a standard humanoid holding cell at Site-17. During SCP-3427-2 interviews, SCP-3427-2 instances are not to be made aware of anything outside of SCP-3427. Researchers are to perform interviews under the guise of SCP-3427-1 government representatives.
Special Containment Procedures: Reports regarding the discovery of SCP-3428 are to be investigated immediately, and the instance is to be secured as soon as possible. Should it activate before being properly secured, Mobile Task Force Alpha-21 ("DDT Did Nothing Wrong") is to be sent in to subdue and capture the instance. Class-A amnestics are to be administered to all witnesses.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3429 is publicly listed as an off-limits storage shed for the Foundation front 'Esther Sea People.' Unauthorised individuals attempting to access SCP-3429 are to be apprehended and delivered to local law enforcement. Individuals who successfully gain access to the interior of SCP-3429 should be amnestised before being delivered to local law enforcement.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3430 is to be stored in a cryogenic pod, which itself is stored in the center of a hermetically sealed chamber 10 meters in radius. At no point may any sapient entity be allowed within 10 meters of SCP-3430; personnel examining SCP-3430 must do so via remote mechanical means. Automated surgical drones are provided for any medical personnel who wish to perform any surgical procedure on SCP-3430. Personnel who wish to perform a surgical procedure on SCP-3430 must have Level-3/3430 clearance or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation is to maintain an official record of all major zoos, wildlife hospitals, and animal sanctuaries that are responsible for the care of five or more adult koalas. These locations and organizations are to be visited yearly; employees and volunteers are to be interviewed regarding any observed manifestations of SCP-3431. All personnel regularly involved with caring for koalas are to be told to never take any food offered by koalas, and to remind guests to do the same.
Special Containment Procedures: All artwork/paintings related to SCP-3433 are to be contained in Storage Unit 14, Site 8. Each painting is to be encased in a glass container, approximately 127 cm x 127 cm x 8 cm. Currently, all paintings are on sale on an online site owned by the SCP Foundation at www.scp█████████.com, and are being constantly purchased and sold in rotation every 3 hours between 20 designated employees through an AI system programmed to purchase and sell items. Constant monitoring of this AI system is required at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Agents embedded in hospital maternity wards are to maintain a lookout for cases of traumatic births, maternal death, and/or post-birth symptoms of SCP-3434. If identified, Mobile Task Force Alpha-1 ("Red Right Hand") is to be contacted to verify if the identified symptoms and situation represent a case of SCP-3434. If verified, the identified E-3434 instance is to be intercepted. Amnestic treatment for the E-3434 instance's kin and guardians is allowed, if applicable. The identified E-3434 instance is to be recorded as deceased in absentia.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3435 is to be contained in an opaque, airtight case equipped with a desiccator to preserve it. The image of SCP-3435 is not to be distributed outside of approved personnel and test subjects. Personnel must be screened before assignment to SCP-3435; those with backgrounds in politics or art criticism are automatically prohibited from viewing SCP-3435 or images of SCP-3435. MTF Upsilon-23 ("Art Critics") is to monitor art galleries in Clark County for sightings of PoI-0171 (Guillermo Gutierrez) or his works.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3436 is contained within a 70 m × 85 m, 172 m tall concrete building, which acts as a provisional site (Provisional Site 3436). The building is designed to blend inconspicuously with the surrounding metropolis.
Special Containment Procedure: Due to its nature it is currently impossible by current technology and function to properly contain SCP-3437. Usage of Class-Z mnestics may be distributed to researchers experimenting with SCP-3437.
Special Containment Procedures: Centerpoint Park is to be closed under the guise of landscaping renovations on the nights of July 17th, 19th, 20th, 25th, and 26th every year. During those nights, Foundation agents are to be disguised as construction workers and instructed to patrol the exterior of Centerpoint Park in order to dissuade unauthorized persons from attempting to enter the park.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3439 is to be wrapped in a black cloth and placed in an envelope, with the front facing away from the opening. The envelope is to be stored in a dry, climate controlled archive room in the vault wing of Site-771. Any personnel working with SCP-3439 are instructed not to look directly at the object, and instead view it through a live feed display while handling. It is not advised for personnel exposed to SCP-3439 to receive any class of amnestic treatment.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-66 cryogenically freezes all seeds produced by SCP-3441. An SCP-3441 orchard is located within Site-66 and maintains a current total of 131 SCP-3441 instances.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF Delta-19 ("All the Keynes' Men") is to monitor business-focused magazines, management science conferences, and the personal websites of popular business gurus for evidence of SCP-3442 infection. The output of prominent academic presses is to be analyzed for information that may lead readers toward the realization of SCP-3442.
Special Containment Procedures: Owing to its complete non-existence, no containment procedures for SCP-3443 have ever existed. Protocol 00-Null Engram is in place to manage any hypothetical SCP-3443 instances. The existence of this protocol is in no way an assertion of the possible existence of any such phenomenon.
Special Containment Procedures: The town of Nowhere has been comprehensively purchased by the Foundation, and has been converted into Site 90, the headquarters of the Unreality Division. Entrance into and out of Nowhere is prohibited to any civilians.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3445 is contained on-site at Peak Cemetery by a 24/7 guard duty disguised as local groundskeepers; an auxiliary Site, Site 321/A, has been established nearby for research purposes. A storage shed has been constructed around SCP-3445 to perform tests without exposing it to public viewing. Unauthorized persons approaching SCP-3445 will be administered amnestics and redirected elsewhere. Identification of subjects described in SCP-3445-A instances is ongoing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3446 is to be kept in a standard containment locker. Access is to be restricted to personnel with Level 2 clearance or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-3447 are to be kept at Remote Site-71 in separate, standard Safe-class storage lockers. Each instance is to be fitted with a trumpet mute with an explosive charge, which can be deactivated with a code provided to on-site Level-3 researchers. If a mute is removed without the code being entered, the explosive charge will detonate, rendering the instance inoperable and neutralized.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3448 is to remain active at Site-2718. Personnel are to inspect SCP-3448 daily for additional messages from SCP-3448-A. Project Dammerung is to research any method of escape proposed or indicated by SCP-3448-A.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3449 is to be housed in a staNdaRd Safe-level object storage locker in Site-19. Due to the nature of the anomaly, further containment measures are currently not necessary. Testing is curteny underway to determine the long term containment requirements of SCP-3449.
Special Containment Procedures: The flash drive containing SCP-3450 is to be kept in a standard low-value containment locker at Site-73. Foundation personnel embedded within the fan fiction community are to monitor the Internet for further instances of SCP-3450.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3451 is to be secured in a locker of its own dimensions. This locker is to be located in the Site-██ Containment Vault and access restricted to Level-3 personnel. During testing, this locker is to be placed in an indentation at the end of a 15-meter hallway, limiting exposure to as much of its surface area as possible, to prevent uncontrolled contamination.
Special Containment Procedures: Any media with knowledge on how to perform SCP-3452 is to be tracked down and destroyed immediately. Foundation Web Crawler-3452 is currently in place on several yoga forums in order to delete any outcroppings of SCP-3452.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3453 is assigned a storage container in Site-11.
Special Containment Procedures for SCP-3453 have yet to be finalized. Past containment attempts are detailed below. MTF Beta-7 ("Maz Hatters") is to focus on keeping SCP-3453 away from the public eye with an array of containment equipment developed by the SCP-3453 Research Team.
Special Containment Procedures: Any individual leaving the Land of Tall Bees is to be interrogated until it can be determined whether or not they are an SCP-3454 instance. Containment of SCP-3454 individuals is to be enacted immediately. The Lead Researcher of Site-BEES is tasked with:
Special Containment Procedures: Standard Foundation operating procedures are to be maintained during SCP-3455 so far as is possible. Foundation personnel acting in manners directly contrary to the goals of the Foundation during SCP-3455 are to be severely reprimanded following its conclusion.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3456 is currently uncontained; all attempts to contain or neutralize it have failed. Research into methods for containment are ongoing. Personnel who observe the entity are to be treated with Class G amnestics, and must be located with at least one freshwater stream, river, or lake within 1 km of the treatment facility. All historical references to SCP-3456 are to be removed and/or attributed to myth, shell-shock, PTSD, and hysteria. Reports regarding loss of life and damage as a result of SCP-3456 incidents should be scrubbed of all references to the anomaly, and replaced with narratives involving military conflict, natural, or man-made disasters.
Special Containment Procedures: Ongoing containment of SCP-3457 is maintained through a joint effort of the Foundation and the Global Occult Coalition, in accordance with the terms of the Köln Agreement. Custody of the physical components of SCP-3457 has been entrusted to the Coalition, which may deal with all relevant items in whatever manner it deems most suitable; the Foundation is responsible for safeguarding all information relating to the use of these physical components as part of SCP-3457.
Special Containment Procedures: To avoid causing irreparable damage via hard impacts or static electricity, SCP-3458 is to be stored in a 15.5 x 20.5 cm Antistatic shield bag in a climate controlled storage locker kept at 20° Celsius when not in use. Any room used for testing of SCP-3458 must be kept around 20° Celsius; to facilitate this, all instances of SCP-3458-2 must be pre-equipped with cooling fans.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation webcrawlers are to scan websites such as message boards and chat services for mention of bizarre, poorly-documented fears. Existing strains of SCP-3459 that should be investigated include:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3460 is to be stored within an electronics storage container within the high security containment wing of Site-64. All testing involving SCP-3460 requires approval of both the Site Ethics Committee and Site Command.
Special Containment Procedures: The development of SCP-3461 is a Class IX research priority.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3463 is to be contained in a standard secure locker. Personnel not responsible for its containment are not allowed to know of SCP-3463. Documentation concerning SCP-3463 must be guarded with a password. Personnel assigned to SCP-3463 must have scored less than ten points on the Test of Manipulative Personality Traits. Personnel with speech impairment, dyslexia or improper handwriting are prohibited from accessing SCP-3463.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3465-A instances are to be contained inside an aquarium (or spread across multiple aquariums as necessary) able to accommodate a large population of turtles. SCP-3465 instances are to be fed a mixture of fish and lettuce twice a day. Research and testing on SCP-3465 is to be approved by Project Lead Dr. Rodney Ellars. Any new instances of SCP-3465-A are to be reported by GoI-466 (Wilson's Wildlife Solutions) and contained in a joint effort by GoI-466 and MTF Beta-4 ("Castaways") and then transported to Site-64.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3467 is contained in a Standard Aviary constructed near Site-64, isolated from the rest of the facility. All maintenance of this aviary is to be performed either via automation, or else by Designated Containment Liaison Peggy Marquez.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3468 is surrounded by a chain-link fence that is exactly 10 kilometers in circumference and covers the entire perimeter of SCP-3468's area of effect. The fence line is to be constructed exclusively of tantalum carbide and hafnium carbide in order to assure stability when under scorching temperatures. The entire perimeter of the fence line is to be patrolled in its entirety by a minimum of three members of security every two hours. Under no circumstance are any non-Foundation personnel allowed to enter the 10 kilometer area of effect beyond the fence line. SCP-3468 is to remain on the 'Moderate' setting at all times when not in active testing. When in active testing, security is to be placed on stand by with rapid response teams readied and equipped with fire prevention equipment.
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-3469 are to be seized and individually contained in Low-Value Anomalous Storage Units. Individuals found carrying or utilizing SCP-3469 are to be detained and questioned to ascertain its origin and the potential location of PoI-60249.
Special Containment Procedures: The dissected SCP-3470 egg and three unhatched SCP-3470 eggs are in cold storage in Site-42. Mobile Task Force Lambda-12 ("Pest Control") is currently monitoring the area around Cibola National Park for signs of continued SCP-3470 habitation.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its close proximity to civilian populations, a covert perimeter around SCP-3471 is to be upheld at all times by a minimum of three security personnel under the guise of historical landmark restoration efforts. Individuals attempting to enter the site without authorization from personnel with Level 2 or higher clearance are to be apprehended. Paintings received from SCP-3471-1 manifestations are to be kept in Object Storage Lockers 4352 through 4355.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3472-1 has been converted into Containment Area-██. SCP-3472's position must be maintained at all times. Any change in the position of SCP-3472 constitutes a possible WK-58 event, in which case Procedure-738-Comstock must be immediately initiated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3473 is to be contained, when possible, in a cell with dimensions of 10 X 10 X 10 meters. Each of the cell walls of the containment chamber are to be made of at least 5 meters of lead located between an internal 1 meter layer of titanium/tungsten alloy, coated with silica aerogel that is to be replaced bi-weekly, and 3 meters of steel-plate reinforced concrete externally. As of the events of 3473-NE-7-WGU, containment of the entity within facilities is no longer considered a valid option.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: Copies of this document are to be made available to all Foundation personnel. In the event that a Foundation employee is unable to perceive or conceptualize some or all of the information contained in this document, an alternate document is to be provided.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3476 is to be kept in a locked box, with the handle obstructed by a cubic cast. The cast may only be removed with permission from level 3 or higher personnel. D-class personnel that have been hosts of SCP-3476-1 in the past are to be used as hosts again in testing if available, otherwise D-class personnel with no notable skills or any classified knowledge are to be used.
Special Containment Procedures: Each instance of SCP-3477 is to be contained in a separate Standard Humanoid Anomaly Containment Cell modified appropriately for each instance located at Site-72. Instances may be informed of the existence of other instances, but are not to be allowed contact with each other.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3478 is contained by the clamping and sedating apparatus in a containment chamber at Site-74. Every 4 hours, 4 doses of sedative compound H12 must be delivered into SCP-3478 via the apparatus in its chamber. If any of the sedative injectors anchored to the other side of SCP-3478 become damaged or impaired they must be repaired or replaced as soon as possible via remote-piloted drone inserted through SCP-3478. The clamping device in the containment chamber is to be inspected every 2 weeks and maintenance performed as required.
Special Containment Procedures: Access to Mt. Olympus has been forbidden to civilians by the Greek government under the cover story of protecting an important cultural site. Foundation personnel in the guise of officers of the Greek Ministry of the Interior are to prevent unauthorized entrance to the area.
Special Containment Procedures: Both components of SCP-3481 are held in an anomalous object containment vault in Site-19. SCP-3481-2 must remain disconnected from SCP-3481-1 unless written permission from Dr. Teller is presented. SCP-3481-1 must be turned off while in storage. Personnel interacting with SCP-3481 outside of testing conditions must wear protective ear-wear. Anyone who hears noises from SCP-3481 outside of testing conditions is to immediately inform Dr. Teller and report for psychological evaluation.
Special Containment Procedures: Independent wildlife rangers under contract with the Foundation are operating in the regions around SCP-3482, reporting any abnormalities in local terrain or wildlife which could be related to SCP-3482 activity. These rangers are to receive a class of amnestics relative to their exposure to the anomalous if follow-up operations uncover genuine SCP-3482 activity.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3484 and an English translation are kept in a standard anomalous item locker at Site-66 and requires no special containment beyond standard lock and checkout procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents within aerospace organizations are to monitor for discovery of SCP-3485. Class-A amnestics are to be administered to personnel with memories of SCP-3485. In the event that the discovery of SCP-3485 is published, false information is to be disseminated flagging it as a hoax.
Special Containment Procedures: Personnel are to monitor the Cooke County Landfill and bar civilian access, providing the cover story of dilapidation due to catastrophic equipment failure. Daily rations of food and water are to be deposited at disposal chutes 42A-46C. As SCP-3486 have made no attempts to exit Cooke County Landfill, it has been reassigned the purpose of a Foundation facility. Should any instance of SCP-3486 attempt to breach containment, it is to be re-contained within a standard human containment cell at Site 25.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3487 is to be be kept in soft restraints in a standard containment room at Site-179. In the event it must be relocated, it must not be led to its new destination but physically moved by a member of personnel. SCP-3487 must be watched at all times via security camera to ensure a fast response when it breaches containment, focused on preventing the object from moving. Researchers are permitted to use reality / temporal stabilisers during testing, as otherwise test results are unable to be noted, appearing to have always been the case.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation web-crawlers are to monitor the Internet for sightings or postings of large amounts of reptiles eating off of a singular plant. Once a sighting has been confirmed, Foundation personnel will be embedded in nearby institutions, and Foundation front companies will take over landscaping duties for the location. If an SCP-3488 instance becomes damaged, an appropriate cover story is to be dispersed to local officials and media outlets, and the instance is to be closely monitored by Foundation personnel under the guise of research/preservation teams.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3489 is stored in a sterile chamber accessible only through a two-door airlock system. A closed surveillance system will monitor SCP-3489 for any changes in its position; if it is recorded to have left the containment area, Site-37 is to enter lockdown including a warning to all on-site personnel to seek shelter and activate mobile task forces to re-contain the impending containment breach. There are no current methods of preventing SCP-3489's translocation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3492 should be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell. SCP-3492 can be supplied with rewards in return for compliance. SCP-3492 must be fed a standard regimen of three meals each day.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3495 is held in a chamber in the underground bunker of the Vatican Secret Archives in Vatican City, cared for by zoologists employed by the Holy See (in accordance with Foundation/Vatican City Co-Containment Agreement 3495/CVI). A Level-2 Foundation staff member is to remain in the Archives to observe and assist, where necessary, with this containment. SCP-3495's feeding and care requirements are normal for a non-anomalous member of its species.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3496 is to be kept in a standard storage locker in the light containment sector of Site-77. On a twice-daily basis, SCP-3496 is to undergo a full scan in a magnetic resonance imaging machine. Should SCP-3496 be free of any instances of SCP-3496-1, it is to be treated with one dose of Type B antifungal cream, one dose of standard antiseptic spray, followed by three applications of chlorine conditioner flushing media.
Special Containment Procedures: 10 breeding pairs of SCP-3497 are housed at Site-3497. They may be cared for by veterinary staff in an identical fashion to non-anomalous members of their species in captivity. No civilian aviation or maritime traffic is to come within 300km of Site-3497, and all Foundation traffic in this area is to be briefed on the nature of SCP-3497 to avoid confusion.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3498 is contained in Site-120, Keter Containment Wing, Containment Unit 3. Four Scranton Reality Anchors are placed surrounding SCP-3498, creating a focal point with a geometric center on the subject. SCP-3498 remains restrained to a psychiatric table constructed of reality-stable materials. Kant scanners are monitored in shifts, noting that Hume levels fluctuate most often during waking hours. Psychiatric evaluations are conducted bi-weekly. While the subject has remained compliant during detainment, personnel are to understand that SCP-3498 will experience acute psychological deterioration due to its anomalous effects. No testing or documentation regarding SCP-3498 is allowed in Containment Unit 3; all records are to be taken externally.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3499 is to be kept in a standard item secure locker at Site-48. It is to remain sheathed and should not be handled without approval from the Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: A circular area with a radius of 5m around Dr. Ralph Roget is to be monitored at all times. Should SCP-3500-1 appear, it is to be detained and placed in a standard humanoid containment cell. SCP-3500-1 instances displaying cognitive function in line with the original Dr. Roget are to be granted class three humanoid privileges, and offered limited employment. Due to SCP-3500's relative unpredictability, caution is to be observed during SCP-3500-1 manifestations. Instances displaying hostile or volatile behavior towards Foundation employees are to be subdued on manifestation. Should such hostility continue past initial containment, instances are to be terminated to avoid further damage.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3501 has been removed from its original location in Isfahan, Iran, and taken to a Secure Holding Facility in Site 90, the headquarters of the Unreality Division.
Special Containment Procedures: A detailed record of "kangaroo crossing" signs affected by SCP-3502 is to be kept by a Foundation team assigned to the project, and updated monthly. SCP-3502 manifestations are to be closely monitored; should a civilian trigger an SCP-3502 occurrence, Foundation personnel are to administer amnestics to all individuals involved, transport them to the nearest medical facility, and present a cover story involving a vehicular accident.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3505 is kept in an opaque box in Storage Locker #6838 at Site-17's Low-Value Anomalous Item Storage Unit. Individuals exposed to SCP-3505 must be administered a Class-C amnestic at the conclusion of testing, or as soon as possible if exposure occurred outside of testing. SCP-3505 has been cleared for testing at Outpost 7949-2; testing at other locations may only be undertaken with clearance from SCP-3505's HMCL supervisor.
Special Containment Procedures: Satellite imagery is to be routinely monitored by Foundation-operated web analysis bot Upsilon-29 ("BULWER-LYTTON") for spontaneous architectural manifestation. Upsilon-29 and Foundation agents embedded in various postal services are to destroy any correspondences suspected to be from SCP-3506-A.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents are to issue recalls to retail stores for stocked instances of SCP-3508. All instances of SCP-3508 must be confiscated immediately upon discovery to prevent the passage of SCP-3508 into civilian ownership. Due to the elusive nature of SCP-3508's delivery, it is currently impossible to prevent restocking of SCP-3508.
Special Containment Procedures: An appointed team of qualified researchers are to monitor the interior of SCP-3509 at all times using its own system of cameras, microphones and speakers. The teams are to deliver provisions to its current resident through the elevator that connects SCP-3509 with the rest of the Site. It will also provide any help necessary to said resident in order to fulfill whichever task SCP-3509 demands of it. The appointed team leader will have discretionary authority over the best course of approach towards those demands.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3511 no longer exhibits anomalous properties, and therefore requires minimal containment. One Foundation agent is to monitor SCP-3511 in case its anomalous properties reemerge. In this event, refer to previous containment procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: Persons affected by SCP-3512 are to be accommodated in standard humanoid containment cells. Missing persons information and amnestics are to be distributed as necessary. Media reports are to be monitored for evidence of SCP-3512 cases, with potential outbreaks investigated.
Special Containment Procedures: The concrete bunker built around SCP-3513 is to be guarded and maintained by four permanent staff, maintaining the cover story of a water pumping station.
Special Containment Procedures: As of 22/12/1973, SCP-3514 has come under the control of the Office for the Reclamation of Islamic Artifacts (ORIA). Access to and containment of SCP-3514 is therefore unfeasible at present. Due to the low threat level of the anomaly and the apparent competence of ORIA in keeping the anomaly hidden from the general public, the restoration of control over SCP-3514 is considered a low priority.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3515 is to be stored in a standard art locker at Site-77. Containment and testing locations must be situated no less than 50m from any on-site sleeping quarters or common area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3516 is to be kept in a locked box at Site 77. When not in use for testing, both wheels of SCP-3516 are to be locked using a standard bike lock.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3517 is currently contained in Secure Locker 3517 at Site 66. Backup copies are kept in redundant file formats and multiple hard drives as per standard procedure regarding non-anomalous recorded media.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation naval vessels are to work in conjuction to Global Occult Coalition vessels in the Arctic circle. Should instances of SCP-3518 be discovered, personnel are instructed to destroy the instances via assigned divers.
Special Containment Procedures: As there are no remaining persons susceptible to SCP-3519, no further containment is required; the infection is considered neutralized. A significant percentage of global media is suspected to carry infection and containment is beyond the capacity of the current Foundation. However a majority, if not the entirety, of infected storage media is expected to degrade before further transmission can occur.
Special Containment Procedures: All radio transmissions broadcast on 106.5 FM within Centre County PA are to be immediately suppressed. Foundation equipment should consistently broadcast a stronger signal of static to overwhelm public radios on that frequency. All SCP-3520 broadcasts are to be recorded and transcribed. Irene Rosenfeld and the Mondelēz International Board of Directors are to be under constant surveillance by Foundation assets within Borneo and Ghana for SCP-3520 influence. All influences within Borneo and Ghana logging companies are to be immediately liquidated, and the Foundation is to assure that logging operations within the region continue uninhibited despite the apparent habitat degradation associated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3522 is to be kept in a standard Foundation domicile at Site-179 with transparent UV-blocking film applied to its windows. No source of electromagnetic radiation is to be brought within four meters of the containment area. For reference, this includes common objects such as radios and televisions. This domicile is to be on the lowest possible level of Site-179 in order to ensure there are no important structures underneath SCP-3522 at any time.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF-Gamma-20 ("Bricklayers") are to monitor quarries within a 500 KM radius of SCP-3523-A for SCP-3523. If SCP-3523-1 is identified, audio should be played across the quarry with an inverse frequency to that of SCP-3523-1. Due to the extreme difficulty involved in preventing spread, suspicious disappearances should be monitored worldwide to track global spread of SCP-3523.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: Any legislative body discovered considering changes to the legal repercussions of any effects stemming from the occurrence of natural disasters are to be infiltrated by MTF Omicron-3 ("Brittenburgers").
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-3527 are to be kept in mass humanoid containment chambers constructed of one-way glass for convenient observation with a maximum capacity of 12 organisms per chamber. Mobile Task Force Iota-10 ("Damn Feds") is to be wary of possible sightings/reports of SCP-3527. If a sighting/report is confirmed, Mobile Task Force Iota-10 ("Damn Feds") is to establish a temporary containment perimeter and report the location to Mobile Task Force Beta-7 ("Maz Hatters") for cleanup and instance transfer.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3528 is contained within a large aviary, surrounded by a sound-absorbing barrier. SCP-3528's aviary is to be kept stocked with large birds for food. No female personnel, or personnel of German or Russian descent, are to interact with SCP-3528.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-3529-B that are located are to be quickly isolated from public contact. A canvas the size of the mural must be placed on top and painted to transfer the instance into the canvas. The instance can then be transported to Site-37.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3530 can be contained on-site, due to its inability to physically leave the boundaries of Shooting Star School. Due to the non-hostile nature of SCP-3530, and so as not to elicit retaliation from Shooting Star Incorporated, the school is to remain open until further notice (see Addendum).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3531 is to be stored in the hangar of Site-38. Tests are to be conducted at the discretion of the Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation webcrawlers are to monitor popular social media platforms for activity from SCP-3532. Any activity is to be recorded, scanned for cognitohazards, and archived. Foundation personnel are forbidden interaction with social media accounts associated with SCP-3532 unless given explicit orders otherwise. In accordance with Procedure 24-Lehonot, information damaging to the public image of SCP-3532 is to be produced wherever and whenever applicable. In the event that Procedure 24-Lehonot were to be rendered ineffective, all platforms hosting active SCP-3532 accounts are to be taken offline or otherwise rendered inaccessible until containment can be reestablished.
Special Containment Procedures: Upon their manifestation and detection, instances of SCP-3533 are to be sequestered from all affected businesses and stored in standard nonliving storage units within the Site-19 anomalous items warehouses. Knowledge of SCP-3533's existence is mostly self-contained and therefore only minor actions must be taken upon their manifestation. These events, referred to as "Restocking Events", are carried out on an uneven monthly schedule that is to be monitored by stationed Foundation agents under strict Class-W Mnestic treatment regimens and reported immediately. This schedule is known to be influenced by the value of the stock "████"1 and plans are underway to mitigate or reduce awareness of said stock in order to slowly decline the frequency and quantity of Restocking Events in the future.
Special Containment Procedures: All documentation containing information on SCP-3534 is to be recovered from decommissioned Imperial Japanese Anomalous Matters Examination Agency laboratories and stored within high-priority storage lockers in Research and Containment Site-110.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation engineers have constructed an enclosed greenhouse using a closed-loop hydroponics system. Any fluids or minerals inserted or removed from the SCP-3535 containment area are to be thoroughly examined for signs of plant matter. Recovered seeds are to be destroyed as soon as they are found. Living instances of SCP-3535 are stored within Site-103.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3536 is contained in a Safe-class storage room in Site-234. Testing of SCP-3536 with other bacterial SCP objects requires written permission from the acting Research Supervisor (currently Dr. Maravilla). All SCP-3536-1 instances created for testing purposes are to be destroyed by incineration following conclusion of testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3537 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell in Hall 8 of Site 13. SCP-3537 is allowed access to paper and various writing material after it changes its appearance. All documents written by SCP-3537 are to be stored in a file in Doctor Marai's office.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3538 is to be contained within a standard anomalous objects locker. All personnel with a Level 2 clearance and above are allowed access to the entity. At least one personnel trained in Morse code is to be present during all tests involving SCP-3538. Use of SCP-3538 for climbing purposes is prohibited, following Incident-3538-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3539 is to be maintained in a standard blast resistant storage vault at Armed Containment Area-383. In the event that Area-383 is compromised by a hostile force, SCP-3539's re-acquisition is to be considered a priority A task.
Special Containment Procedures: A list of all possible locations where SCP-3540 may occur should be compiled throughout the month of September. Once the event begins, a mixture of satellite imagery and ground surveillance should be used to identify the property undergoing the SCP-3540 event. Once identified, SCP-3540's location should be monitored throughout its active phase. Contact with sapient entities associated with the anomaly is allowed as needed.
Special Containment Procedures: Current research indicates that it is impossible to counteract or prevent SCP-3541. Due to this, containment of SCP-3541 consists of ensuring all SCP-3541-1 instances have a safe, consistent place in which to conduct their work.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3542 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell in Site 952's Upsilon wing. Personnel interacting with SCP-3542 are not allowed to speak to it outside of testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3543 itself requires no special containment, as all associated research is presumed destroyed1 after the death of Dr. Grant.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents are to monitor national media reports for murders resultant from domestic violence, and investigate crime scenes for abnormal Hume levels. Locations of confirmed SCP-3544 events are to be documented and mapped in order to anticipate future appearances. MTF-Psi-6 "Spotlighters" are to patrol projected areas during at-risk hours, using portable Kant counters to locate SCP-3544 events and intercept if possible. Events discovered past the intervention stage are to be surveilled remotely using optical and infrared imaging as appropriate, with deviations from recorded behavior logged and reported to Research Lead Dr. C███████. Task Force members are to be rotated on a weekly basis and offered psychological therapy, with amnestics provided on request.
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: All works produced by SCP-3546 are to remain in Foundation custody. As these items are non-anomalous, no further action is required.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF-Gamma-23 ("Spooky Scary Skeletons") is tasked with tracking, isolating, and documenting SCP-3548 manifestations worldwide. This includes sightings of SCP-3548 by Foundation personnel as well as civilians, and all reports of abnormal events matching descriptions of SCP-3548.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3549 is to be contained within a medium-security storage closet at Site 76. A hard copy of the decrypted text is to be kept alongside SCP-3549 for the convenience of research personnel, with digital copies being kept on secured Foundation servers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3550 is to be contained at Site-42 in a modified humanoid containment chamber without an observation window. All observation of SCP-3550 is to be made indirectly, through camera feed. Access to SCP-3550 and its chamber is restricted to Dr. Rosetta and janitorial staff.
Special Containment Procedures: All non-inflated SCP-3551 instances are to be kept in Storage Locker-51 at Site-42.
Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-3552 are to be secured in a standard containment locker at Site-103 and restricted to Level-3 Clearance and above.
Special Containment Procedures: All SCP-3553 instances discovered are to be seized by the Foundation. Due to the impossibility of ever comprehensively finding all SCP-3553 instances, it is not presently known how many SCP-3553-A instances currently exist. All SCP-3553-A instances are to be taken into Foundation custody.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-90 has been established around the SCP-3554 facility. Any goods produced by SCP-3554 may be destroyed or used within Site-90 at the discretion of the Site Director. Other use is prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3555 is to be contained in a purpose-built containment unit with interior dimensions of approximately 2 meters by 2 meters by 20 meters, currently under construction. Its exterior is to be disguised as a collapsed cliff following a major landslide, blocking access to part of Drakes Beach; a new access path is currently under construction in cooperation with the National Parks Service. Public access to the beach is closed until this work is completed; this closure is attributed to instability in the main access road. Once complete, the "landslide" will be documented by NPS photographers and a plaque describing the splitting of the beach will be installed in the Kenneth C. Patrick Visitor's Center.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3556 is currently contained in a containment locker in Site-77's Containment Vault. The item is to be placed within a sound-proof container in order to minimize distractions to nearby personnel. Access to the item is restricted to any personnel of Level 2 security clearance or higher. Personnel of Level 1 clearance or lower must receive written permission by Dr. Beck, head of SCP-3556 research, to handle SCP-3556.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3558 is stored in a standard Safe-class containment unit. Outside of testing purposes, it is not to be removed from its casing. Direct contact, even through layers of protective material, is insufficient to avoid its compulsion effect; all handling of SCP-3558 must therefore be done using the provided pair of forceps.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3559 is currently contained on-site in the back kitchen of Wypiekarnia bakery in Kuźnia Raciborska, which has been outfitted with a hazardous material air filtration system and environmental regulators to maintain consistent humidity and temperature. The entity is to be supplied with all ingredients listed in Document 3559-Y-40b monthly, and under no circumstances are any civilians to enter said kitchen unsupervised.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its proximity to an existing Foundation containment site, SCP-3560 is currently contained by Site-64 staff. All trails leading to SCP-3560 are to be closed to public access via a cover story of a severe landslide. Civilians attempting to access SCP-3560's location are to be detained by security personnel under the guise of Portland Park Rangers. Use of Class-A amnestics on detained civilians has been approved.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3561-1 through -6 are to be kept on-site in a climate-controlled containment vault under the supervision of a Foundation art conservator. Care is to be taken to minimize exposure to dust and moisture.
Indent your paragraphs
Special Containment Procedures: Edgewood High School is to be indefinitely closed to the public under the pretense of the presence of asbestos. All SCP-3562-1 instances are to be separately held in standard containment lockers at Site-82. Access to SCP-3562-1 instances may be requested by all personnel working at Site-82 of Level-3 clearance and above. SCP-3562-1 instances are not to be viewed under any circumstances. Site-82 and the surrounding area is to be monitored by armed security personnel.
Too much passive voice, no explanation of main premise. Poor introductory paragraph.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its nature, SCP-3563 cannot be contained at this time. Containment efforts of SCP-3563 should instead be focused on determining locations in which additional manifestations may occur.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3564 is currently housed in the Large Entity containment wing of Site-06-3. As SCP-3564 is generally cooperative towards Foundation demands, weekly readings of various dramatic works (those penned by Shakespeare are preferred, but not required) have been approved to maintain said cooperation1. Any changes in SCP-3564's behaviour are to be reported to the Site's HMCL Supervisor.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3565 is to be kept in a storage room at Site-51. If anyone working at Site-51 displays symptoms of SCP-3565’s perception-altering effects, they are to be transferred offsite and amnesticized immediately. Once per day, personnel assigned to SCP-3565 are to insert a ½ liter bottle of human milk into SCP-3565 and are not to leave until the bottle is empty.
Special Containment Procedures: Television studios producing situation comedy style shows are to be monitored for SCP-3566 manifestation. Should any production begin showing signs of SCP-3566 manifestation, the studio is to be encouraged to add a laughter track to the final edit. Should they resist, the production is to be terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: A single copy of SCP-3568 should be stored on an air-gapped network using no less than AES 256 bit encryption. Access to the file and its decryption key shall be granted only after approval by level 4 personnel or above.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3569 is to be kept in a standard Safe-class storage locker on Site 19 when not being used for testing. Testing must be overseen by one Lvl-3 researcher. Research is to take place in an empty testing room and all handling of SCP-3569 requires the use of the standard issue gloves, apron, and eyewear. Items spawned can be discarded or given to the child if appropriate. After the events of Experiment 3569-6, all spawned objects are to be kept for further research into the origin of the item.
Special Containment Procedures: No human entry into SCP-3572 is allowed except for the purposes of monthly maintenance and measurement, in which case time spent in the interior should be minimized and is never to exceed forty-five (45) minutes total for any individual. The surrounding area is to be cultivated and modified as necessary in cooperation with the United States National Park Service to minimize tourist activity near the area. A metal door and frame that are resistant to environmental damage have been installed into a brick wall barring the entrance.
Special Containment Procedures: Known contact numbers for SCP-3574 are stored on file, and are restricted to Level-4 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: The affected section of Quaw's Boulevard and Southview Avenue has been closed indefinitely. All lots in the area have been purchased by the Foundation and currently serve as Provisional Site-99.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3576, the surrounding woodlands, and village of █████████, Belarus are designated Site-233. Site-233 is to be kept free of non-Foundation personnel via the following means:
Special Containment Procedures: As the majority of SCP-3577's containment is handled by GoI-466 ("Wilson's Wildlife Solutions") Foundation resources are to be focused on the research of the SCP-3577 anomaly.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3578 is to be kept in a 7m x 7m General-Purpose Containment Chamber that is conjoined to an adjacent 10m x 10m Humanoid Containment Chamber via antechamber. This secondary containment chamber is to be used for the containment of any SCP-3578-A instances that emerge from SCP-3578. Both chambers are to be well maintained and cleaned on a bi-weekly basis to prevent bacteria growth that may be caused by the buildup of mucus and discharge from SCP-3578. Currently, SCP-3578 and all instances of SCP-3578-A are housed at Site-23.
Special Containment Procedures: Any physical instances of SCP-3579-1 are to be taken down by undercover Foundation personnel, disguised as working men and women. Any website hosting digital instances of SCP-3579-1 are to be remotely changed as to not feature SCP-3579-1. All calls to SCP-3579 are to be traced and ended if possible. Research of SCP-3579 is only to be conducted by Level 2 staff using a cell phone with the phone number of SCP-3579 on speed-dial, kept in storeroom 24 of Site-15.
Special Containment Procedures: Each of SCP-3580's five components are to be held within a humidity controlled padded lock box. At the time of writing, only SCP-3580-a in conjunction with SCP-3580-d have demonstrated anomalous properties. However, the complete set is to be contained in the event that unprecedented interactions manifest. In order to prevent unintended contact between the aforementioned items, SCP-3580-a through SCP-3580-d are to be kept within individual cotton pouches. SCP-3580-e is to be held within a fitted 6x10cm glass frame.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-3581 is long deceased, and any remains are yet to be recovered, interest of outside sources towards SCP-3581 is negligible. Information surrounding SCP-3581 is to continue to be perpetuated as a local folk tale in the region of Ukraine where it was discovered. The archaeological site near Artsyz, Ukraine will continue to be monitored by Foundation agents until the conclusion of the project. In the event that any further relevant information is discovered, the Foundation is to seize the assets by means of purchase or redistribution.
Special Containment Procedures: Area-3582 has been established around a perimeter encompassing the area currently affected by SCP-3582. Civilian presence is prohibited within 3 kilometres of Area-3582 under the cover story of a military testing base. A total of 250 Scranton Reality Anchors are placed at 30 meter intervals along the perimeter surrounding SCP-3582. Under no circumstances are non-D-Class personnel to enter SCP-3582. Any Foundation equipment or personnel affected by SCP-3582 are to be considered lost.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3584 instances are kept in a specialized greenhouse in Site-892 with windows only on the roof, and watered as appropriate. Direct images of SCP-3584 are only to be viewed by already-affected personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Each instance of SCP-3585 is stored in a separate standard item containment locker. Each locker is to be equipped with a basic motion tracking camera. If movement above two meters is detected within a thirty day period a Ventura Event will be initiated by Foundation personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3586 is to be kept in a standard avian containment chamber, modified to be able to withstand up to 5 atmospheres of internal pressure. No edible materials are to be introduced into the cell other than designated meals. After the completion of each meal, any excess seagulls are to be removed and released into the wild. SCP-3586 is to have a tracking tag placed around one of its ankles at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: The area surrounding SCP-3587 is to be patrolled and monitored by the SCPS Rainmaker. All individuals attempting to approach SCP-3587 are to be apprehended, interviewed and subsequently administered a Class-A amnestic. In order to reduce the likelihood of authorities searching for the location of Lionel Hodgeson, a cover story has been disseminated involving his death from illness.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3589 is contained in a Standard Humanoid Containment Cell in Site-31. SCP-3589's current arms and upper body are to remain immobilized in polymer gel #MCN119 (replaced monthly). Immediately following conclusion of any testing, researchers are to repeatedly remove SCP-3589's arms until human extremities emerge, and reapply the gel.
Special Containment Procedures: All physical documents referring and/or describing the execution of SCP-3590 are to be kept in standard containment locker SCL27/3590, currently located at Safe class containment wing of Site-27. There are no on-going research projects dedicated to the analysis of SCP-3590 and requests regarding its study should be submitted to Site-27 administration through appropriate channels (see Form SCP-3590/R, embedded).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3591 is constantly monitored at its location of discovery. A perimeter is maintained of 10km around the location (a larger perimeter is not currently feasible). Local population is monitored for evidence of unusual phenomena.
Special Containment Procedures: The location's importance to national transport infrastructure makes permanent containment unfeasible. Long term efforts focus on 1) information gathering and covert surveillance by MTF Theta-17 (“Sick Boys”), and 2) influencing mundane infrastructural decision-making so as to maintain the site's viability.
Special Containment Procedures: Reports of missing dogs in coastal cities in England are to be triangulated and investigated for possible undiscovered SCP-3593 instances. If any are discovered, they are to be contained using Foundation-trained dogs as bait.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3594 is to be housed in a standard grade amphibious pet terrarium, half of which should be filled with water. The terrarium is to be kept heated at 21 degrees celsius using a battery powered heating lamp.
Special Containment Procedures: As of 3 Oct 1990, SCP-3595 is considered neutralized. Remaining civilians displaying knowledge of SCP-3595 have been issued amnestics and current containment protocol consists of keeping knowledge of its former anomalous activities from the general public. Low-level information about SCP-3595 as a "border ghost" continues to persist among civilians, but identifying memories of SCP-3595 have been removed from all known affected subjects. The village of Mödlareuth has not displayed any anomalous properties since SCP-3595's neutralization, and Foundation agents formerly stationed in the town have been withdrawn as of 1993.
Special Containment Procedures: After the conclusion of each Nakajima event, SCP-3596 is to be transported back to Site-26 in ██████, Japan. Each Saturday, from the hours of 8 to 10 EST, all news, messages, satellite images and phone calls sent from Japan are to be screened for mention of SCP-3596, and censored accordingly. Widespread amnesticization is to be performed on all individuals in the vicinity of each Nakaijima event. The Japanese military is to be prevented from engaging with SCP-3596-1 instances via similar communications blocking.
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance to Bishop's Glen Memorial Park has been moved to the southern end of the park. Foundation agents under the guise of park rangers are to detain any person(s) attempting to enter the park outside of the southern public entrance.
Special Containment Procedures: Microsite-6117 is to be established in Detroit, Michigan and staffed according to NHLR1 guidelines. MS-6117 is to be additionally staffed with a contingent of C-Class personnel trained in hazardous industrial environments, who are to work 12 hour shifts within SCP-3599 on a schedule organized to ensure each SCP-3599-1 terminal is used exactly once per day. Under no circumstances are C-Class personnel to disclose information about Earth, the Foundation, or humanity in general to any other lifeforms within SCP-3599. Detailed observational reports are to be submitted after each shift.
Special Containment Procedures: As of 01/05/2016, after SCP-3601 failed to go through an 3601-event for two consecutive cycles, SCP-3601 is considered neutralized.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-220 is to retain at least one Mandarin-speaking parazoologist specializing in primate behavior and psychology. This researcher, which since 1968 has been Dr. Shufan Shen, is to serve as a liaison to SCP-3602. At least twice weekly, Dr. Shen must conduct visits for the purposes of observation, information gathering, and diplomatic relations. Following Incident-SCP-3602-01, a Mandarin-speaking psychiatrist must also be retained to conduct bi-monthly therapy sessions with each instance of SCP-3602-A.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3603 is kept in a standard containment cell in Site-██. At no time should the temperature in the containment cell exceed 4 degrees Celsius.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3604 is to be contained within a standard marine life tank in Site-16's Marine Biology Wing. The Wi-Fi chip within SCP-3604 is to be disabled at all times. Following Incident-3604-1, Foundation Webcrawlers are to monitor private messages of Soundcloud rap musicians with fewer than 100 followers. Access to the entity is restricted to personnel with Level-2 clearance or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: Inactive SCP-3605 instances are to be stored in a standard high-value containment locker in Site 73; active SCP-3605 instances are currently being monitored by a rotating containment team. No new photographs are to be exposed to SCP-3605 instances without the approval of the Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: An electrified fence has been erected around the property on which SCP-3606 resides. Small holes along the bottom of the fence are regularly spaced to allow for the ingress of animals. A copse of trees has been planted around SCP-3606 itself for privacy. Humans affected by SCP-3606's attractive effect are to be retrieved, returned to their prior location, and monitored until death.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3607 is to be contained on-site. A perimeter fence topped with barbed wire has been established, and all windows of the structure have been boarded up. Warning signs indicating a chemical hazard have been placed on-site. The structure is to be covertly guarded by at least 2 security officers, dressed as civilian private security.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-3608 has been constructed around the entrance to SCP-3608 due to the failure of all attempts to neutralize or relocate it. The entrance to SCP-3608 must remain under 24/7 video surveillance in Secure Wing Alpha. Personnel are not to come within 15 meters of SCP-3608 without approval from Site Director Haugen.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3609 is to be held in a containment cell at Lunar Area-32. SCP-3609 is to be monitored for any signs of hostile behaviour directed towards the Foundation, Foundation personnel, and/or its state of containment under the Foundation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3610 and a 5 meter radius around it are to be enclosed in a 20-meter-tall net to prevent any avian lifeforms from entering. The area is to be monitored, and repairs are to be made should the net be breached.
Special Containment Procedures: Item is kept in a secure locker in the Games department. To aid research efforts, weekly consulting sessions with Ms. Yamauchi Eiko (refer to Person-Of-Interest file #3611-B) have been scheduled at the Takeya District Hospice, subject to her present state of health.
Special Containment Procedures: All attempts to limit the movements of SCP-3612 within the Foundation SCiPNet Database have met with failure. As such, further containment of SCP-3612 requires two distinct special procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3613 instances are to be kept in standard humanoid containment cells on floor 19 of Site-88. Under no circumstances are the location of these objects to be disclosed to any agents of Marshall, Carter and Dark1. Physical testing of SCP-3613 instances requires permission of the SCP-3613 project head and Site-88 director Phillip Foster.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the immovable nature of SCP-3614-1, it is to remain at its site of discovery. Containment teams have established a 4 km perimeter around SCP-3614-1; civilian traffic is to be rerouted under the guise of a cover story alleging military operations in the area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3615 is to be secured at Site-36 in a containment chamber outfitted with an Automated Exorcism System. A 5-meter tall ladder must be available in the room for ease of access to the top of SCP-3615. The chamber is to be flushed with insecticides on a weekly basis.
Special Containment Procedures: A number of informants have been introduced into various literary communities and popular meeting places for such groups. Foundation operatives are also to take part in conventions and other events connected with literature and the science-fiction genre. These agents are to be briefed on all known appearances of SCP-3616 and are to report all suspected individuals who may be or have come into contact with SCP-3616. Web analysis bot Gamma-13 is currently assigned to the task of monitoring major literary and fan-fiction websites for the appearances of SCP-3616. All suspected instances of the anomaly are to be immediately removed from these websites.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF-Phi-Eolh ("Provident Trawlers") are currently tasked with locating and amnesticising SCP-3617-1 instances (or remanding them to Foundation custody if initial SCP-3617 expulsion has not yet occured), and suppressing public knowledge of SCP-3617. Research into a method of terminating bonded or developing SCP-3617 instances is currently a low-level priority.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its stationary nature, SCP-3618 is contained on site. Provisional Site-67 has been constructed in close proximity to the anomaly and imitates a military base. All civilians attempting to access the restricted area are to be administered Class-A amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3619 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber in the low-security wing of Site-17. SCP-3619 is to have an assigned caretaker to assist it in feeding and other self-maintenance. As SCP-3619's anomaly makes it unable to lie down comfortably, in lieu of a bed it has been provided with its choice of cushioned chair.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3620 is to be contained in a medium-sized animal containment cage of internal volume no less than one cubic meter. The cage must be airtight to allow for monitoring of CO2 output.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3621 is to be contained in the High-Security Vault of Dimensional Site-04. Testing with SCP-3621 is not permitted at this time, under any circumstances without direct approval by a majority of the O5 council, and special approval of 05-2.
Special Containment Procedures: As of writing this document, Foundation was succesful in containing 13 instances of SCP-3623 out of at least 200 worldwide1. Population of SCP-3623 is slowly increasing by unknown means.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-3624-1 are to be monitored remotely and all civilians that come into contact with SCP-3624-1 instances are to be administered class A amnestics. All SCP-3624-1 instances of which associated subjects have expired (as of ██/██/20██, four) are to be kept in standard containment units. The size of the cells is to be adjusted for each individual instance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3625 is currently contained at Site-81 within a modified anomalous electronic containment unit surrounded by a Faraday cage. Resources are to be designated for the purpose of devising new containment protocols for SCP-3625's influence. Information security personnel are to make every attempt to minimize this influence.
Special Containment Procedures: Do not stop reading this document. Do not look away from the screen. Ignore any and all unusual sounds around you. The containment procedures are being put in place as you continue reading this document. Do not stop reading this document. Follow all instructions carefully and make sure that all content is understood. Due to potentially hazardous effects of long-term exposure, avoid rereading parts of this document. An image file in PNG format is attached to this message. View the image regularly, as you keep reading. If the image changes to a degree that the original content is no longer recognizable, referred to as the distortion point, immediately forward this message to another Foundation employee displaying ability to operate under stress and loyalty to the Foundation's cause. Do not stop reading this document.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3627 is to be contained in a standard non-humanoid holding cell at Site ██. SCP-3627 is to be kept in a soundproof containment cell under constant video surveillance. Any recorded instances of unprompted anomalous behavior on the part of SCP-3627 are to be reported to a supervisor of Level 3 clearance or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3628 may not be handled by permanent Foundation personnel except with written permission of an O5 council member, or Site 36's Director of Research. The object is to be stored inside a non-reactive plastic case suitable for permanent preservation of antique metal or lacquered objects, inside a standard locking cylindrical Foundation carrier filled with pressurized argon gas.
Special Containment Procedures: In accordance with P≠≠arallel Civilizations Procedure 8—C10 and the terms of the Foundation’s treaty with the S’kakithi Principality, the human-S’kakithi interactions of SCP-3629 will be permitted to continue. To reduce risks to secrecy or of situations like Incident 3629-1, these encounters will be arranged through a Foundation-designed service which will include surreptitious surveillance software to detect and interfere with any attempts to publicize information about the S’kakithi.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF Iota-20 ("Room Keys") is responsible for monitoring public records, police stations and news reports for potential instances of SCP-3630. However, as most instances of SCP-3630 are largely self-containing, monitoring should primarily consist of ensuring any instances of SCP-3630-1 and SCP-3630-2 have no memory of the events that led to SCP-3630 occurring. If any instances report being the victim or perpetrator of a murder, Iota-20 agents are to administer Class-C amnestics on them and anyone they have spoken to about the events.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3631-1 is held in a standard biological containment cell at Site-19, and is to be fed two kilograms of raw meat on a weekly basis. Food should be promptly removed if not consumed within two hours. The cell is to be cleaned on a weekly basis, and SCP-3631-1 must be sedated during this period and other interactions aside from testing.
Special Containment Procedures: Given SCP-3632's distance from Earth, no immediate containment procedures are needed at this time. MTF Omicron-4 (“Bird Watchers”) operatives are embedded in all major space agencies capable of directly observing SCP-3632 in order to falsify any data that may imply the presence of a biosphere or sapient life; however, it is unlikely that such data could be gathered due to civilian technological limitations.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3633 is to be kept in a standard safe-type anomalous locker. SCP-3633 is to be inspected once a day for new pictures.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3634 is to remain in a standard containment locker in Site-23's low-priority anomalies wing. The locker is to be locked with a code decided upon by Site Director Lawrence.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3635 is to be contained in a Standard Security Locker. Personnel are forbidden from viewing the contents of SCP-3635; if viewed, Class-A amnestics are to be administered. Testing with SCP-3635 must be approved by at least one Level 3 researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3636 is to be kept in a standard secure cell at Site-17. Access to the room requires Level-2 or higher clearance. All staff members involved in the testing of SCP-3636 must be provided with an up-to-date song blacklist document. Under no circumstances are songs from the blacklist to be selected.
Special Containment Procedures: As of Incident 3637-A, 3637-Ramah events have ceased completely, and SCP-3637 has been reclassified to Neutralized. One year after Incident 3637-A, SCP-3637 was fully excavated and transferred to a museum operated by a Foundation front.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3638 is located in a custom-built clear acrylic glass cell1 in Area-130. A group of four agents posted around its cell act as the primary containment construct for SCP-3638's remote effects (supplemented by two other groups in nearby isolated rooms with live vital signs data from each other, acting as fail-safes). Agents are to operate in four hour shifts and are to be provided with any source of entertainment that they request. The use of non-anomalous mood-altering substances may be exceptionally allowed at the discretion of supervisors.
Special Containment Procedures: The two separate components of SCP-3639 are to be held in separate standard containment lockers and available for testing with approval from the Level 3 Contact Researcher. No testing is to be performed. Monthly inspections are to be performed by Agents who have cleared Level-3 psychic resistance training.
Special Containment Procedures: All Foundation personnel are advised to avoid reading brochures for self-guided tours in the state of Florida, and to bring any such brochures they find to their local Archival Department to be transferred to Mobile Task Force Lambda-12 ("Pest Control").
Special Containment Procedures: Burgh by Sands law enforcement is to be occupied by Mobile Task Force Iota-10 ("Damn Feds") for the convenience of the recovery of photographs affected by SCP-3641-α. To ensure all photographs are recovered and kept from public knowledge, all citizens of Burgh by Sands are to have their online and physical activities monitored by Foundation WEBCRAWLER-1846 ("Burgh by Surveillance") (online) and MTF Iota-10 (physical). Following the recovery of -α instances, the subject who previously owned the object is to be administered Class-A amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-3642 are presently in containment. As of 02/06/2017, the public disinformation and amnestic campaign to suppress knowledge of the effects of the SCP-3642 release has been completed, apparently with complete success. Foundation assets monitoring media outlets, social networking sites, and emergency services have had their list of keywords updated to identify future SCP-3642 instance usage. Standard medical quarantine and disinformation campaigns are typically sufficient to suppress individual cases. Embedded agents are monitoring Fresh and Free Incorporated production and staff. Due to the effects of SCP-3642, which are incurable, permanent, deleterious to the effected subject's quality of life, and represent a potential information breach if witnessed publicly, testing of SCP-3642 is permanently suspended by order of the Ethics Committee.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3643 is currently uncontained. All personnel assigned to Euclid class objects are to remain on high alert for an advance warning from Site-81 of an incoming containment breach of their object(s). If the object(s) breach containment, these personnel are to follow requirements for recontaining their objects. If an "all-clear" arrives from Site-81, then the object(s) are to be taken off high alert.
Special Containment Procedures: Info taken from interviews with the general manager of SCP-3644 indicates little oversight from GoI-4889, therefore SCP-3644's beneficial properties mean that it is suitable as an approved vacation destination for Foundation personnel Levels 2-4. The effects of SCP-3644-2 means that personnel should not stay longer than five days to avoid overexposure, and any personnel with access to classified information is to undergo a small amnestic regimen, and be briefed on their duties upon return. The general manager of SCP-3644 has agreed to restrict bookings to Foundation employees only.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-3645 are to be recalled from groceries where they appear. Foundation agents embedded within various grocery chains are to report shipments of SCP-3645. A small amount of SCP-3645 instances are to be kept at Site-81 for testing. The containment team is to scan various communities involving literature for accusations of plagiarism as a reliable way to locate subjects in the early stages, and nursing homes and medical reports for those who are in the later stages. During testing, no personnel are to interact with subjects deemed Stage-5 under any circumstances. All subjects who consume SCP-3645 are to be considered lost.
Special Containment Procedures: All contained instances of SCP-3646 are to be kept in a sealed chamber accessible only by sterilized airlock, and provided with a total of 7 ml of sugar water daily. A maximum of 1,000 live instances are to be kept at any time. Personnel entering the chamber are to wear a Type 2 full-body hazmat suit. No personnel are to make direct skin contact with deceased instances of SCP-3646. Deceased instances and excess instances are to be disposed of by incinerator.
Special Containment Procedures: Project SKYSCRAPER-31 is to develop methods for the penetration of SCP-3649. Project SKYSCRAPER-32 is to determine the feasibility of alternative means of terrestrial evacuation. Project SKYSCRAPER-33 is to devise a broad range of social preservation and containment contingency plans for the failure of all other SKYSCRAPER projects.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3650 is held inside of a standard containment locker on Site 19. Research personnel are not permitted to look at both sides of any instance of SCP-3650. D-Class personnel may only be shown both sides of an instance of SCP-3650 during scheduled testing. The containment locker may only be opened with written permission from the active senior researcher. SCP-3650 may not leave Site 19.
Special Containment Procedures: The site of SCP-3651 is contained in a joint effort with the Greek government and Foundation by posing as a historical conservation society. The site is to be monitored at all times by Foundation personnel under the guise of conservationists and historical researchers. Non-Foundation individuals approaching the site are to be informed that the area is private property and off-limits to tourists as the temple undergoes restoration. Elevated containment procedures are to be observed during the third week of July on the Gregorian Calendar, during which SCP-3651 enters an active state.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-3653, containment is an annual event, occurring on the first of each year. When new instances of SCP-3653 are discovered, the instances are to be confiscated and incinerated.1 Any persons of clearance level 3 and below known to have seen SCP-3653 directly during January 1st are to be informed that a year only has 365 days. No further action is necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Naval Site-821 has been built on Otōto-jima and has been staffed with personnel experienced with repair and restoration of World War 2 Era watercraft. Staff should patrol the waters around the Chichi-Jima group of islands to search for SCP-3654. If SCP-3654 has not been found by the projected date, search teams are to be sent to the other island groups in the Bonin islands.
Special Containment Procedures: The area previously containing SCP-3656 is surrounded by a chain-link fence and monitored by CCTV. Signage is to denote the area as containing hazardous chemical waste to deter civilian intrusion. If it is necessary for staff to enter the area, appropriate protective gear is required and use of personal dosimeters and Geiger counters is advised.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3657 is contained within morgue-17 in Site-551. All personnel assigned to SCP-3657 are required to consume at least 180 mL of coffee, tea, or similar caffeinated drinks prior to interacting with the object.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3658 cannot be contained as it exists in a non-physical dimension. No physical projections of SCP-3658 have been discovered.
Special Containment Procedures: All SCP-3659 instances are stored in a standard Safe locker outside of testing. SCP-3659-A instances are kept in a specialized dinosaur habitat with adequate vegetation and and electric fence, and are to be monitored by members of MTF Phi-2 ("Clever Girls").
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3662 is to be contained within a standard Safe-class containment locker. If SCP-3662 must be relocated, no personnel are to make skin contact with SCP-3662 during transit. The current SCP-3662-2 subject should be changed on a weekly basis as to not expose any individual to the Noosphere1 for an extended period of time.
Special Containment Procedures: An automated system is in place to manage the containment and research of SCP-3664. Three Foundation staff assigned to SCP-3664 will be directed to Testing Chamber 3664 on a weekly basis, with two of the staff overseeing. The researcher in the chamber will be provided full information on the weapon and will begin testing as per orders of the overseeing staff. Upon conclusion of testing all researchers will be exposed to Countermeme Asi-Aleph to remove information on the anomaly needed for its usage.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3665 is to be contained in a standard Safe Class locker in Site-19. In the event that the packaged 'Imitation Blood' contained within SCP-3665 runs out, blood obtained from D-Class personnel may be used. During testing, research staff are advised to ensure that the powder used in the activation of SCP-3665-1 is not lost.
Special Containment Procedures: Each individual affected by SCP-3666 is to be confined within a standard humanoid cell. Several researchers are to study the immune system and DNA of affected individuals to further understanding of SCP-3666. Doctors are to analyze affected immune systems for potential health risks and damage.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3668 is to be kept within a display case at Foundation Command-02 due to the site's location in Washington D.C.
Special Containment Procedures: One copy of SCP-3669 is to remain in Wing B of Site 33. All extant copies of SCP-3669 are to be immediately destroyed, and all extant instances of SCP-3669-1 are to be placed in Wing B of Site 33 for further testing given Class-E amnestics and released into society. Four instances of SCP-3669-1 are to remain in Wing B of Site 33.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3670 is currently contained in a standard Safe-Class Object Locker at Site-43. Due to unacceptable risk of collateral damage, testing has been suspended until further notice (see logs for further details).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3671 is to be stored on a labelled shelf in the Site-19 break room. Personnel are free to eat from its contents. SCP-3671's appearance and contents are to be photographed and documented daily.
Special Containment Procedures: All and any possible information concerning PoI-365 is to be filtered by Protocol 3672-Lamech, and data deemed relevant is to be sent to the two extant teams of researchers at both Site-102 and Reliquary Site-██. The full contents of Protocol 3672-Lamech are not to be made available to both teams at any time.
Special Containment Procedures: The building containing SCP-3673 is to be sealed and guarded with the cover story of a failed restoration project. The door to SCP-3673 remains closed and barricaded. All footage recorded by the camera in SCP-3673 will be retained for analysis. A second camera is to be installed to film through the windows into SCP-3673.
Special Containment Procedures: Sector H was already sequestered from the public under normal security protocol. Contingency plans to take control of the building (or, at least, contain SCP-3674 within it) are currently under review, and additional resources from other Foundation sites have been requested. Personnel are prohibited from entering Sector H at this time. Temporary observation towers maintain a perimeter around the facility; any persons approaching this perimeter will be shot on sight.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3676's containment is currently contested between the Foundation and GoI-466 (Wilson's Wildlife Solutions), as per the Boring Agreement — all related correspondence is to be directed through WWS Liaison Kim Madison, the designated head of the project. Chamber 3676-Alpha is to be used to contain the entity as often as feasible, and monitoring of its extra-universal passage is paramount. Forth-Scranton Equalisers are to be used to negate SCP-3676's effects wherever possible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3678 is currently uncontained. A Task Force of Foundation organizational sociologists, psychomathematicians, and thamaturges is currently investigating the source of SCP-3678, possible vectors of transmission, and possible patterns between 3678-Milliarium Events. As ██% of Foundation employees (and ██% of employees at Level 3 and above) fit the profile of SCP-3678 affected individuals, identifying possible vectors of transmission is a top priority.
Special Containment Procedures: The kit containing SCP-3679 is to be stored in a standard object containment locker. Tests utilizing SCP-3679 must be carried out or approved by a level 3 researcher assigned to SCP-3679.
Special Containment Procedures: The hallway segments of ███████ High School are to be patrolled by several agents disguised as janitorial staff. These agents are to be issued:
Special Containment Procedures: Despite the fact that no appearance of SCP-3681 has been reported since 2011, all stadiums in the area of access to Backdoor Soho, in the Baseline Reality, must be monitored. In the case that the SCP Object reappears, MTF Tau-20 ("1 - 0") is to deployed.
Special Containment Procedures: The city of Syracuse, NY is currently quarantined under the cover story of an avian flu epidemic. Any SCP-3683 instances seen leaving the city are to be repeatedly killed on sight and the remains either taken for study or incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3684 is currently stored in a standard containment locker at Site-32, and requires Level-3/3684 clearance to access. SCP-3684-1 instances are similarly contained to a maximum limit of twenty, after which additional instances may be destroyed. Lead produced by SCP-3684 is non-anomalous, and may be destroyed or repurposed at the discretion of either the Site Director or current project lead for SCP-3684.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3687-A and SCP-3687-B are to be installed in an SCP-3687-1 instance, having dimensions 10cm x 10cm, and held within a heat resistant containment locker capable of withstanding a temperature range of -100ºC–500ºC. SCP-3687-A and B are to each have a digital thermometer placed near them within the container and wired to an alarm set to trigger if either thermometer reads a temperature outside a range of -50ºC–200ºC. When not in testing, SCP-3687-A and B are to be set to the lowest rate of energy transfer.
Special Containment Procedures: Any discovered historical data pertaining to SCP-3688 is to be retrieved by Foundation personnel, and any civilians aware of its existence are to be amnesticised.
Special Containment Procedures: A copy of SCP-3689's recipe is stored in a restricted document locker. Foundation bot I/O-DINE is to monitor food blogs and cooking sites for keywords matching SCP-3689 ingredients.
Special Containment Procedures: 1 D-class host is to be maintained for SCP-3690's continued survival. Meals should consist primarily of liquid substitutions rather than solid food, due to the pain of attempting to digest solid food. While flares are not occuring, the host should be treated with 5-10mg of colchicine and 145-290mcg of linaclotide, depending on their weight. During flares, analgesia and NSAIDs should be added to the medication regime. When host requires administration of life support systems, suicide watch is to be implemented. 24-hour surveillance of the host is to be implemented following the events of 09/██02.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to both the widespread public awareness of SCP-3691 and successful implementation of counter-intelligence measures (including, but not limited to, fabrication of the 'spontaneous human combustion' phenomenon), no containment procedures are currently necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3692 is to be contained inside a secured and sealed chamber at Site-██. The current instance of SCP-3692-1 is to be likewise restricted to this same chamber, along with necessary accompaniments (as detailed in Document 3692-1). There may only be one means of entrance or egress to this room, leading to an intermediary room between SCP-3692’s room and the rest of Site-██. Each week, a package of food, water, a change of simple cotton clothes, and 3 ballpoint pens are to be left in the intermediary room. The trash produced by SCP-3692-1 must be examined for pieces of SCP-3692, which are to be stored in a storage locker. This locker may only be unlocked with direct approval of Senior Researcher Rhodes. Examination and storage may only be conducted through mechanical means that do not contain a visual/electromagnetic component. All other articles of waste are to be incinerated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3693 is contained within a secure storage vault at Site-19. Due to the uncertain behavior of SCP-3693, and the inability of visual recording devices to perceive SCP-3693, the object is to be monitored at all times by a human observer through a windowed viewing station directly adjacent to its containment vault. Any changes in this behavior are to be reported to SCP-3693's containment specialist.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3695 should be kept in a Standard Containment Locker when not in use. During all experiments, SCP-3695 should remain tethered in some way to the research team, so as to prevent the loss of the object.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-3696's distance, mass and size, any physical means of containing SCP-3696 using technology currently at the Foundation’s disposal is impossible. Implanted Foundation agents in major observatories and space programs are to contain images of SCP-3696, research data of its gravimetric effect2, as well as scientific theories which would cast doubt on the ongoing cover story. An ongoing misinformation campaign is in effect, currently aimed at perpetuating the existence of the Norma Cluster to ease compliance with current physics models. This campaign has thus far been able to completely suppress any knowledge pertaining to SCP-3696 from public awareness.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3697 is to be monitored in order to prevent the spread of public awareness. Any callers are to be detained, interviewed about how they became aware of SCP-3697, and administered amnestics. Any public or online displays of SCP-3697's number are to be erased or monitored.
Special Containment Procedures: Wing 6 of Site 101 is to remain under lockdown until further notice. Airlocks on windows, doors, and vent systems of Wing 6 are to be inspected twice daily to ensure structural integrity. No expeditions into Wing 6 for sampling are to be conducted without written approval from the O5 Council.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3699 is to be cordoned off from public access, with Foundation personnel on-site to guard a perimeter within the marshland behind it. A dedicated taskforce is to track down any SCP-3699-1 instances in the possession of civilians and retrieve them, applying full amnestics to any civilians aware of SCP-3699's or SCP-3699-1's anomalous effects.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation Naval Task Force Delta-7 ("Northern Storm") is currently assigned to patrol an area 800 km in diameter encompassing the Orkney, Shetland, and Faroe Archipelagos in the North Sea. 2 refurbished battleships, purchased from the United States military, have been assigned to this task force.1 13 destroyers, 5 cruisers, and 15 smaller support craft2 are to accompany these vessels. Delta-7 has been instructed to patrol in a spiral pattern, moving outwards from a central pre-determined location, known as the Origin. This pattern is to be maintained until Delta-7 either encounters SCP-3700-1, or reaches the edge of the designated 800 km zone wherein they will return to the origin and begin the process again.
Special Containment Procedures: When not in use, SCP-3701 is to be kept in the temporal anomaly storage unit at Site 221. At all times outside of storage, including during testing sessions, SCP-3701 is to have a large chrono hazard sticker placed on it, to prevent accidental misuse by staff confusing it for a simple kitchen timer. No tests are to be performed outside of the safe settings that have been designated, unless a level 4 researcher or higher has overruled the safety precautions.
Special Containment Procedures: A 42 km x 200 m stretch of desert in the eastern portion of the Cyrenaica district of Libya has been enclosed with 3 m tall barbed wire fencing. Given SCP-3702's proximity to the agricultural communities of Jaghbub Oasis, barbed wire fences have been labeled as encompassing an active minefield. Security teams have been placed at strategic points along the fence to monitor SCP-3702-1's progress, and reroute any Berber caravans attempting to circumnavigate the stretch.
Special Containment Procedures: Archaeological excavations within close proximity to established Neolithic and Bronze age sites have been implanted with undercover Foundation agents. In the event that an excavation discovers an SCP-3703 instance, further excavation will be halted, and amnestic treatment protocols implemented. In the event of multiple SCP-3703 instances; additional searches are to be conducted, using ground penetrating radar. Exposed instances should be fully excavated, and observational data collected. SCP-3703 instances and their accompanying chambers are to be concealed via the use of Donovan holoprojectors.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3704 is to be kept inside of a soundproofed reinforced steel case whose lock may only be operated by a remote terminal in an observation room 25 meters from the object. This terminal operates via a randomly generated passphrase known only by one (1) Level 4 Personnel at a time. The case is to be stored in an isolated, soundproofed room, at least 15 meters away from any of the room’s walls. A circle with a radius of 2 meters is to be painted around the object, denoting the effective range of the tertiary third primary effect. Microphones are placed about the room, which can broadcast into the observation room if researchers so choose.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3705's cape and the cassette tapes found at the site of SCP-3705's neutralization are to be contained in standard containment lockers.
Special Containment Procedures: Locations with high probabilities of producing or uncovering SCP-3706 instances are to be monitored closely by implanted Foundation archaeologists and paleontologists. Should an SCP-3706 instance be uncovered, non-Foundation personnel present on site are to be administered class A amnestics, and disinformation regarding recent discoveries disseminated in the event of further inquiries.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3707 is kept at Site-81's anomalous motor pool and maintained as necessary to ensure drivability.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3709 is stored in a standard containment locker at Site-55. A formal request must be sent to Dr. Everwood before dismantling the object. In the event of an injury caused by SCP-3709, the accompanying staple remover is to be used.
Special Containment Procedures: Iditarod racers claiming to have witnessed SCP-3710 are to be administered Class A amnestics. Foundation undercover personnel are positioned along known locations of SCP-3710 manifestation. Personnel have been instructed to use special tranquilizer rifles to apprehend SCP-3710. All prior attempts to contain SCP-3710 have failed due to its tendency to either spontaneously demanifest or accelerate to speeds in excess of 1500 km/h when being actively pursued on foot or via dog sled.
Special Containment Procedures: "Imaginative"1 thaumotologists and thaumaturges employed by the Foundation, or detained at Foundation sites are to be provided with dream suppressant drug therapy, and psychological counseling. As a large number of individuals affected by SCP-3711 are outside of the Foundation's jurisdiction, complete suppression of SCP-3711 is currently impossible, unless apprehended. Research into methods of suppressing SCP-3711 on a large scale is ongoing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3712 is to be kept in a standard item storage locker at Site-179. During experimentation, SCP-3712 must not be allowed to establish a direct line of sight to researchers or other valued personnel, and as such all interaction with SCP-3712 is to be carried out by D-class persons.
Special Containment Procedures: Dr. Robert Dorer is to act as a psychotherapist/counselor for PoI-3713 and is to meet with them at least once every month, utilizing audiovisual communication platforms2 when necessary. If any anomalous activity is discovered or suspected, Dr. Dorer is to report the development immediately. Otherwise, sessions are allowed to remain private and unrecorded as per the will of the Ethics Committee.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its immobile and relatively benign nature, SCP-3715 does not require any specific containment beyond keeping non-Foundation entities away. Personnel with level-2 clearance or higher stationed at Research Site-95 are allowed access to the anomaly for morale purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-3716 are currently stored in Safe-class Containment Locker 128-B in Site-42. Access is only permitted to individuals with Level 3/3716 or above clearance. Due to the large quantity of SCP-3716-A instances currently extant, no further testing is deemed necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Outside of testing, all instances of SCP-3717 are to be kept together in a small Humanoid Containment Chamber within the low-security wing of Site 17. Media devices provided to SCP-3717 must be voice controlled.
Special Containment Procedures: Any SCP-3718 instances discovered in the wild are to be sedated1 and brought in for containment, or neutralized if the current number of contained SCP-3718 instances is greater than twenty. Foundation personnel are to monitor websites and animal control hotlines for mentions of potential SCP-3718 activity, as well as reports of individuals being attacked by cats, or seeing 'monster cats'. Any area that has seen a significant decline in local wildlife population in a small time frame is to be investigated for SCP-3718 activity. MTF Kappa-14 "AH! Sideshow Bob!" has been instructed to examine areas where GoI-233 has appeared for stray SCP-3718 specimens.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Iota-10 (“Damn Feds”) is to monitor civilian police department records worldwide for unsolved homicide, assault, or stalking cases that could indicate SCP-3720 activity. If SCP-3720-1 is confirmed to be targeting an individual, said individual is to be taken into protective Foundation custody. If possible, SCP-3720-1 manifestations should be non-lethally subdued and taken in for interrogation.
Special Containment Procedures: With the conclusion of the Theta-Unseelie project, resources formerly allocated to SCP-3721-1's study are to be permanently allocated towards its containment.
Special Containment Procedures: A method of preventing SCP-3722 has not yet been found. Due to the amnestic effect of SCP-3722, only personnel who have subsequently taken mnestics can recall any information about SCP-3722 or any SCP-3722 events. This effect has thus far protected SCP-3722 from public exposure.
Special Containment Procedures: The fencing around SCP-3724 which defines its outer perimeter has been altered to give strong electrical shocks upon physical contact. This is to act as a deterrent to prevent humans and animals from accessing SCP-3724. SCP-3724's front gate is to be guarded by at least one member of MTF Psi-7 ("Home Improvement") disguised as a security guard. The two neighboring houses adjacent to SCP-3724 have been purchased by the foundation in order to reduce the chances of civilians triggering an active state. Any individuals caught trespassing on the premises of SCP-3724 are to be detained, questioned, administered Class B amnestics and released. Future testing with SCP-3724 is to be approved by at least two personnel with level 3 clearance or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3725 is to be contained in a Standard Humanoid Containment Chamber. SCP-3725 is to be given access to a composition notebook, writing utensils, a laptop with limited internet access, and books on the development of story and narrative ideas. Personnel interacting with SCP-3725 are to encourage story concepts thought of by it.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3726 is to be kept in a Secure Containment Locker at Site-26. Testing on SCP-3726 requires permission from personnel with Clearance Level 3 or above.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3727 is to be kept in a standard humanoid holding cell at Site-17. No syringes or objects resembling syringes are to be brought within the line of sight of SCP-3727 unless authorized by research personnel. The walls of SCP-3727’s cell are to be regularly checked for perforations. In the event that SCP-3727’s cell has sustained damage, SCP-3727 is to be moved to a temporary containment unit until repairs are complete.
Special Containment Procedures: All 231 instances of SCP-3728 are kept in a secure locker within Site-77. All tests involving SCP-3728 require level two approval, and are restricted to D-class. D-class subject to testing may only be struck with SCP-3728 a maximum of three times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3729 is to be kept in a standard containment cell located in the safe-class containment center at Site-26. Any testing with SCP-3729 must be conducted on D-Class subjects, and be approved by the Site Director, Site Ethics Committee Representative, and Site D-Class Resource Accountant. All D-Class used in these experiments must:
Special Containment Procedures: Protocol ALABASTER has been declared active:
Special Containment Procedures: A windowless mausoleum has been built around SCP-3732 (designated Provisional Site-608) for the purposes of concealing SCP-3732. Access to files concerning SCP-3732 is restricted to personnel with Level 3/3732 clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3733-1 is to be contained in a two-room complex at Site-82, consisting of a living area and a bathroom. SCP-3733-1 is to be provided all necessities, including food, drink, and cleaning supplies, through automated systems, in order to prevent the transfer of SCP-3733. Interaction with SCP-3733-1 is to be kept to a minimum.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3734 is kept in a standard item locker near Site-119's garden.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation scanners must analyze phonetics blogs and popular online linguistic databases for any recordings with a sonic match for SCP-3735.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation has purchased the land that contains SCP-3737-1. Various signs have been posted around the area declaring it as federal property. Trespassers are subject to local law. A proposal to allow personnel to visit SCP-3737 during Reunion events is currently being reviewed.
Special Containment Procedures: Agents embedded within the automotive industry are to modify all newly produced internal computers to render them incapable of generating SCP-3738. All reports of spatial anomalies in parking lots are to be investigated, traced, and the individual who caused SCP-3738 amnesticized.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3742 is currently stored in a soundproofed chamber in the Low Security Research Medium Security Storage Wing (E-Wing) of Storage Site-64. The containment chamber is equipped with its own isolated power source and a closed-circuit surveillance system with independent audio and video recording equipment for experimental monitoring. Any and all audio recordings of SCP-3742 are to be destroyed following experimental procedures except by direct approval of both the Project Director1 and Site Director Holman. SCP-3742-1 and the soundproofing of the containment chamber should be inspected monthly for damage, which must be repaired prior to the next scheduled experiment as soon as possible. As such, experiments must be scheduled at least one month in advance Experimentation is currently suspended; personnel with proper clearance may consult Addendum 3742-3 for more information.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3744 is to be housed within a standard humanoid containment unit in Site-88. The containment unit is to be monitored via standard CCTV surveillance. Any changes in its behavior are to be noted and reported immediately. A Scranton Reality Anchor (SRA) is to be active within the containment unit at all times, and should maintain a Hume level of 80 except when SCP-3744 is utilizing its socialization privileges.
Special Containment Procedures: The remains of SCP-3745 are to be held in a standard containment locker. Due to the cessation of its anomalous properties, testing of SCP-3745 is no longer a priority.
Special Containment Procedures: All affected subjects are to be given Class-C amnestics and employed at Foundation front companies for further analysis. Should they attempt to contact their family, a higher level of amnestic therapy is to be administered and the subject is to be placed under Foundation psychiatric care.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3748 is to be contained in a standard containment cell, containing basic humanoid amenities downsized to SCP-3748's scale. The walls of SCP-3748's containment chamber are to be made at least five meters thick, and no open spaces are allowed within five meters of SCP-3748's cell.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3749-A is kept in a fitted, hermetically sealed case lined with shock absorbing gel. This case is inside a vacuum sealed vault equipped with an airlock. An electromagnet beneath the floor is kept powered on at all times. Entry to SCP-3749-A's vault requires BSL-5 biohazard protection and sterilization before approaching.
Special Containment Procedures: When not in use, SCP-3750 is to be stored in a standard safe-class deposit locker in Site-77. SCP-3750 is not to come in contact with systems or simulations which involve sensitive data, such as predictive algorithms, training simulations and games, as well as systems in which civilians could be considered actors.
Special Containment Procedures: All major chess tournaments are to be monitored by Foundation agents stationed at their locations for SCP-3751. The Foundation has reached agreements with the FIDE, USCF, and many other major chess organizations to allow direct monitoring of all chess tournaments and events sponsored by these organizations through electronic surveillance as well as the use of onsite agents. Foundation personnel are to monitor all emergency channels in case of civilian contact with an instance of SCP-3751.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3752 and the 200 m radius of land surrounding it, denoted as Area-3752, have been quarantined. The personnel assigned to SCP-3752 reside and work from Site-1969, situated 205 m North of SCP-3752. No vital personnel (Researchers, Specialists etc.) are to progress further than 5 m into Area-3752.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3753 instances are kept in an airtight box and stored in a climate-controlled item locker.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation web crawlers are to routinely conduct traces on downloads of SCP-3754, prioritizing individuals who have processed micropayments through SCP-3754. On a successful trace, the owner of SCP-3754's host device is to be amnesticized, and the device reset to factory defaults. In the event of a relaunch of SCP-3754, the developers are to be traced and detained, while the store page is forcibly removed from all mobile app stores. A disinformation campaign is to be initiated claiming injuries related to SCP-3754 are the results of self-mutilation.
Special Containment Procedures: Personnel reading this document are required to examine the attached photograph before reading beyond this paragraph. Those unable to immediately identify the number of objects pictured, as indicated by the caption, should close this file and report to the Senior Researcher assigned to SCP-37551. Otherwise, no special action is required before reading the rest of this document.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation is to monitor information distributed by global space agencies1 regarding Ganymede. Provisional Site-9354 has been established in Yellow Hill, Texas to assist in containment of SCP-3756. The location is to remain closed to the public and access restricted to level-3 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Currently, there is an unknown number of uncontained SCP-3757 instances. Captured SCP-3757 instances are to be kept collectively in a standard insectoid containment cell with dim lighting. A used rubber tire is to be placed in the containment cell every two days for consumption.
Special Containment Procedures: A supply of soft tissue samples of SCP-3758-A is to be kept at Site-59 in an organic preservation containment locker, and restocked as needed. Gestation from SCP-3758-A cells may only occur at designated hatcheries.
Special Containment Procedures: GPS trackers are to be maintained on the landmass occupied by SCP-3759. Standard disinformation, ship and aircraft redirection, and satellite imagery doctoring protocols apply.
Special Containment Procedures: Subliminal Memetic Agent Kappa/Omicron ("SMA-K/O") is to remain in global circulation, propagated via a fabricated "scientific fact" that acts as a carrier. The Department of Misinformation is to suppress any notion that SMA-K/O's carrier may be untrue.
Special Containment Procedures: As of 09/5/1986, Operation Kasum has been enacted by order of O5-8 and will be ongoing until 07/30/2063. Operation Kasum consists of the following procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3763 is to be stored in the Anomalous Vehicle Containment Center at Site-48. All maintenance of SCP-3763 must be completed with the knowledge and consent of SCP-3763-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3764 is to be contained in a standard Safe-class object container. Requests to use SCP-3764 for clinical, utility or humanitarian purposes are to be sent to the project director, acceptance pending their decision. Instances of SCP-3764-1 are to be regularly distributed to all staff members at meal times, if requested. Standing permission is granted for use as rations for D-class personnel, though special precaution must be taken to provide supplementary food in addition to SCP-3764-1
Special Containment Procedures: Personnel embedded in United Airlines are to discourage, disrupt, and sabotage all attempts to overbook flights from Newark to Houston. Should an overbooked flight depart, Foundation personnel are to detain all passengers to administer Class-B amnestics before allowing them to disembark. Should personnel locate an individual not on the original flight manifest, they are to be detained and directed to a nearby Foundation site for further containment.
Special Containment Procedures: Information about the procedure of SCP-3768-A is to be contained in a single, paper document at Site-59. Foundation webcrawler 7-ORFEO is to excise and expunge any other information on the Internet pertaining to SCP-3768-A. Standard information suppression campaigns are to be carried out at low priority for non-digital storage formats.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3769 is to be contained in a standard non-humanoid holding cell at Site-12. Level 4 security clearance is required in order to handle SCP-3769. SCP-3769 is not to be touched without the use of gloves or other protective hand gear. Any organisms affected by a Rescission Event are to be kept in a bio-research containment cell for DNA testing.
Special Containment Procedures: All SCP-3770 instances are to be kept in separate groups of 2-20. Each group is to kept in a secure vivarium at least 20cm long, 10cm wide, and with substrate 10cm deep. The substrate is to compose of coconut fibre, decaying deciduous leaf litter, a calcium source such as powdered cuttlefish bone, and small amounts of sand. A small layer of dry leaf litter is to be provided above the substrate. Under no circumstances is pine to be used in SCP-3770 containment chambers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3771 is to be monitored through a live video feed at all times. In addition, two guards are to be posted at the entrance of SCP-3771 to prevent civilian access. Should any civilians attempt to enter SCP-3771, they are to be turned away politely, only using force should they attempt to enter regardless.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3773-14 is contained in a small animal containment cell on sub-level 13 of Site-87. Enrichment activities with SCP-3773-14 are to be carried out by containment staff at least thee times per day. SCP-3773-14's diet does not differ substantially from a non-anomalous feline's; however, all manifestations of SCP-3773-14 are lactose intolerant. Outside materials, such as pet brushes and toys, are to be fully decontaminated prior to their introduction to SCP-3773-14, to prevent a possible repeat of incident 3773-13.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-3774 have been located and terminated. Any backup blueprints or files detailing the creation of additional instances of SCP-3774 have been deleted or destroyed, only saving the original copies for file storage.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-3775 is currently being managed by Mobile Task Force Psi-10 ("Maslow's Motivators") and Foundation web analysis bot Delta-34 ("MURDERTHEYWROTE"). All persons working on SCP-3775 related materials must undergo daily countermeme treatment to avoid becoming subject to their effects. Any digital or real-world manifestations of SCP-3775 phenomena are to be immediately suppressed and any involved persons tracked down and issued amnestics. In the event of a 3775-related phenomena persisting and becoming widely known, an emergency General Population Amnestic Order may be issued at the discretion of O5 Command.
Special Containment Procedures: Thrift stores, garage sales, and other secondhand markets in Appalachia are to be consistently monitored by Foundation agents for signs of SCP-3776 activity. Should any artifacts related to the anomaly be discovered, they are to be seized and cataloged at Site-77.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3777 is to be confined within Armed Containment Area-67 at all times. Point Ω should not be approached in order to ensure that SCP-3777 remains in Phase α at all times. Should SCP-3777 deviate from its present behavior and attempt to breach the containment perimeter, the Containment Task Force stationed at Area-67 is to immobilize and/or neutralize SCP-3777.
Special Containment Procedures: A single instance of SCP-3778 is to be kept in a Standard Botanical Containment Unit in Site-103. Staff are not allowed to consume any instances of SCP-3778-1, due to the risk that instances of SCP-3778-1 may fall into the possession of an instance of SCP-3778-A. Absolutely no instances of Didelphis virginiana (the Virginia Opossum) are to be allowed in the vicinity of Site-103, regardless of whether they are an instance of SCP-3778-A or not.
Special Containment Procedures: Provisional Site 3779 has been constructed around SCP-3779 to serve as its containment facility. Provisional Site 3779 consists of a perimeter fence, personnel quarters, and 2 research buildings.
Special Containment Procedures: The Temporal Anomalies Department is assumed to be in charge of ensuring containment of SCP-3780. They have been granted indefinite Level 5 clearance to all Foundation task forces and resources under the condition that said resources be either returned or replaced within one standard minute of deployment (relative to local time of requisition).
Special Containment Procedures: On October 11, 1999, all of SCP-3781's publicly available servers were shut down and removed from the Internet. All search results, screenshots, and links for SCP-3781 were completely removed from the Internet. Using IP addresses gathered from the game's database, all players of SCP-3781 were tracked down, detained, and released after being administered Class C amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3782 is kept in a standard containment safe in Site-39. Testing is strictly prohibited in experiments that may result in the death of the wearer or damage of SCP-3782. Information concerning SCP-3782 and its history may only be known to those with Level 4 or higher security clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: Provisional Site-78 has been established to contain SCP-3783. The facility is to operate under the guise of a wildlife research facility.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3784 is to be kept in a high-security storage vault at Site 76. Testing with SCP-3784 may only be conducted within a hermetically sealed chamber with an automatic fire suppression system. Exposure to SCP-3784 is to be limited to D-class personnel, with preference given to D-class with the lowest available SEC1 rating. All testing proposals must first be submitted to the Ethics Committee for approval.
Special Containment Procedures: Entity is entirely immobilised within the former Lianggu Bioweapons Laboratory Facility due to its sheer mass and locomotive limitations. It is to be fed twice daily with 250 kilograms of starch-and-protein mixture, with nutritional ratios adjusted accordingly. Medical and behavioural checkups must be conducted once every six months by a Foundation cryptozoologist.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3788 is kept in a standard Safe locker and fitted with a trigger lock. Entities emerging from SCP-3788 are to be stored in liquid ammonia tanks upon manifestation for preservation.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-3789's remote location, direct containment has been deemed unnecessary. Any planned expeditions to the bottom of the Atacama Trench by civilian organizations are to be discouraged.
Special Containment Procedures: The access code to SCP-3791 is to be split into three equal sections and stored in safes 13, 77, and 95 at Site-01. Knowledge of the full code is to be limited to personnel directly authorized by an O5 Council member. No current or former members of MTF Alpha-1 ("Red Right Hand") are to be permitted entry into SCP-3791. Frequency of amnestic treatments is to be considered a critical risk factor when assessing individuals for access to SCP-3791. No personnel are to be allowed access on any third day of the month of November.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3792 is enclosed within a hermetically sealed cylinder composed of acrylic plastics. This container is held in a locker located in Site-77's Safe SCP object wing. Any research on SCP-3792 is subject to approval by the lead researcher, Dr. Gerard. It is not believed that SCP-3792 has any damage-resistant properties; as such, care is to be taken when handling it directly.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3794 is kept within a standard item locker. Testing is currently suspended.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3795 is kept in a standard high-value containment locker in Site 68. Testing of SCP-3795 is to be only carried out on D-Class with no prior history of animal abuse, and under no circumstances are any researchers who currently own pets to come into contact with SCP-3795.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3796 is to be kept in a Safe-class object locker in Site-73. No personnel are allowed to touch or otherwise play SCP-3796.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3798 is to be kept in a standard containment cell and left on at all times. A single camera is to be placed 1.5 meters in front of SCP-3798’s screen to monitor for any changes in the contents of SCP-3798. A microwave receiver is to be placed adjacent to SCP-3798; all signals received are to be digitally stored and copied, with copies of short-timeframe signals translated into the ISO basic Latin alphabet from standard Morse code.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3800 is contained at Site-93, located near the Eurasian Pole of Inaccessibility in Xinjiang, China. It is to be kept in a standard containment locker.
Special Containment Procedures: All recovered SCP-3801 instances are stored in a Class-C storage lockers, with at least one instance being present at each site containing memetic hazards. Sites requesting use of class E amnestics or higher are eligible to utilize SCP-3801 instances at the discretion of foundation personnel with level four clearance or higher. Transport and administration of SCP-3801 instances is managed by MTF Omicron-89 (“Ghostwriters”). Under no circumstances should anyone be forced to use an SCP-3801 instance (If noncompliance is expected, the subject should be asked to use the object without explanation).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3803 is currently held in a secure container within Site 55's Low-Risk Item Storage. All instances of SCP-3803-1 are to be incinerated after testing is concluded.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation AI, DEINOPIS, has been embedded into all major email services to monitor inboxes for instances of SCP-3804. Maintenance of DEINOPIS is the responsibility of MTF Mu-4 ("Debuggers"). If an instance is located, the AI will make a copy for Foundation records, and the instance of SCP-3804 will be permanently deleted from the recipient's account.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the progress of gestation, SCP-3805 cannot be contained indefinitely. Until alternative methods of containment can be devised, Protocol UN2-Maker must be enacted at every equinox. Expedition attempts into SCP-3805 via SCP-3805-1A are to be prevented, with the exception of parties attempting Protocol UN2-Maker. Any personnel or entity returning from SCP-3805-1A not identified as part of MTF Orion-19 (Rift Keepers) is to be terminated immediately. No contact with any returning personnel is to be initiated by those without full access to Protocol UN2-Maker. Protocol UN2-Maker must be initiated from Site 21/SCP-3805-1A. All information related to Protocol UN2-Maker is restricted to the Site 21 Director, Protocol initiators, MTF Orion-19 and Level 5 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-3806 are to be secured with padlocks and automated surveillance systems. Should any unauthorized individuals gain or attempt to gain entry to any SCP-3806 instance, they are to be apprehended, debriefed, and administered Class-A amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the effect SCP-3807 and SCP-3807-1 instances have on observers, witnesses outside of trial situations do not need to be amnesticized. Those present during SCP-3807's courtroom appearance should be detained and amnesticized. However, SCP-3807's clients will retain full memory of SCP-3807 even if given amnestics. As any attempts by clients to talk about their experiences to non-Foundation-aligned individuals will result in scorpions manifesting in the client's throat, Foundation agents must surveil these individuals in case amnesticization of a witness is needed.
Special Containment Procedures: All organic remnants of SCP-3810-01 have been placed in Level 4 BIOSEAL containment units on the ground floor of Site-93. Access to these units requires Level 4 clearance and authorization from the site supervisor. No further containment procedures are necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3811 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-06-3. Interviews with SCP-3811 must either be conducted through non-verbal means or video calls unless given permission by personnel working on the SCP-3811 project. Those working with SCP-3811 who wish to become an instance of SCP-3811-A must be approved by two Level 4 personnel and must fill out the necessary forms regarding their background and current psychological health. After approval and transformation to an instance of SCP-3811-A, they must be put into quarantine for at least 14 days and monitored for any dangerous or harmful properties before being allowed to continue work with SCP-3811. Any information regarding SCP-3811's sessions that is published online is to be copied into Site-06-3's archives. The original copy is to be erased.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3815 is currently housed on a clandestine farm in ██████, Utah, under the visual supervision of three female, Level-2 personnel, trained specifically to counter its anomaly. Once a month a courier from Site-11 is to be dispatched to the location to resupply the group with amenities as needed. SCP-3815 is allowed free roam around the property during daylight hours provided an escort, and limited television and internet access dependent on good behavior.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3816 is to remain at its original location. The public is to be informed that SCP-3816 is a non-anomalous telescope. Due to the security hazard it poses, entrance to SCP-3816 is restricted to personnel with Level 3/3816 clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3817 is to be contained in a standard humanoid residential chamber at Site-███. SCP-3817 is to be restrained in the event it exhibits any sign of physical violence towards itself or personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3818 is two human beings with no other known anomalies, and as such have been contained within separate standard humanoid containment suites within Bio-Site 66. All security clearance has been revoked from SCP-3818 at the time of writing; personnel are to be reminded that SCP-3818 is to be referred to as such until further notice.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3819 and a single copy of SCP-3819-1 are to be stored within a secure storage locker at Site-73 and removed only for testing.
Special Containment Procedures: Any alleged or confirmed spontaneous manifestation events1 involving living, anomalous Canis lupus familiaris or Felis catus specimens are to be reported to SCP-3820 research personnel as potential SCP-3820-A manifestations. Specimens involved in such an event are to be designated SCP-3820-A and contained as standard anomalous animals.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3821 shall be kept inside a Secure Storage Vault when not being used to carry out containment procedures. Every three days, an envelope containing a blank letter addressed to the Foundation's front business, "Royal Paper Distributor", will be inserted into SCP-3821. Once the letter has arrived, it is to be disposed of in any manner deemed fit.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-3822, total containment has yet to be accomplished. Containment efforts are thus focused on preventing SCP-3822 from exerting influence on the United States federal government and subverting civilian recruitment. To this end, multiple Foundation operatives have been embedded into the group with the express task of identifying and apprehending key members of SCP-3822's hierarchy, particularly SCP-3822-01. As other members are not believed to be anomalous and generally pose no immediate threat to Foundation interests, they are not to be detained or terminated unless such an action would be done in self-defense. Operatives are required to conduct weekly radio check-ins with the Foundation; failure to perform a check-in will assumed to be the result of the operative becoming compromised.
Special Containment Procedures: The walking trail leading to SCP-3823's designated containment area is to be covertly closed off every Tuesday night, starting at 8 PM and ending once the SCP-3823 event has concluded. The cover for this closing must vary for each individual event and are not to be repeated for at least 3 months to ensure a lack of suspicion.
Special Containment Procedures: Members of the MTF Omega-21 ("Savage Garden") disguised as the local park rangers are tasked with monitoring the area around SCP-3824 and suppressing the public knowledge regarding its anomalous properties. All subjects experiencing SCP-3824's effect are to be misinformed or, if deemed necessary, administered Class-A amnestic.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3825 is to be contained in the lowest sub-basement level at Site-15, in an enlarged humanoid containment unit. In order to reduce the risk of potential structural damage, SCP-3825 is not to be moved to any area that is not directly supported by solid ground or specially reinforced floors, such as the upper floors of any buildings on-site.
Special Containment Procedures: The artificial entrance to SCP-3826 is to be maintained by two concrete walls at least 2 m in length and at least .5 m in thickness. The only authorized personnel to enter SCP-3826 through the airlock are research personnel of level-3 clearance or agents of Mobile Task Force Zeta-9 ("Mole Rats").
Special Containment Procedures: Embedded Foundation elements within the film industry are to introduce scenes and motifs featuring teeth into films by major studios intended to become blockbusters, to more easily identify SCP-3827-affected theaters. In the weeks following the release of these films, theaters affected by SCP-3827 are to be pinpointed and closed down, SCP-3827-A instances contained, and affected people amnesticized.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3828 and all SCP-3828-1 instances are to be observed visually, constantly, to note the formation of any new instances of SCP-3828-1 and the location and health of SCP-3828. MTF-Gamma-81 ("Pinniped Pirates") is to play the part of a scientific research crew, aboard the SCPF Pickup Line icebreaker vessel, with a direct wired video link to the Hermit-1 remote submersible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3829 is kept sedated within a Standard Humanoid Containment Cell. Once a week, portions of excessively large tumors are to be excised and cryogenically frozen.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3830 is to be kept in a standard Safe-class storage locker in Site-64. All SCP-3830-2 specimens are to be kept within a specialized D-Class housing block used exclusively for subjects affected by non-lethal anomalous items.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3832 is to be kept in a standard secure locker at Site-64. A tracking tag has been affixed for ease of recovery during a relocation event. Upon breaching containment, tag monitors are to determine which potential relocation site, and approximately where within said site, SCP-3832 has positioned itself at. The personnel stationed at the corresponding location are to be notified and containment procedures specific to their location are to be enacted.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-3833 has been constructed one kilometer below SCP-3833's lower bound to assist in monitoring and containment efforts. No personnel or civilians are allowed to enter SCP-3833, aside from D-class personnel equipped with recording equipment for testing purposes. A no-fly zone is to be enforced around Nanga Parbat under the guise of Standard Cover Story 088 ("Weather Hazard").
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3834-A through X are to be separately held in standard containment lockers at Site-37. The location of SCP-3834’s discovery is to be restricted from public access until the Foundation Archeological Division has determined the site to be free of further anomalous content.
Special Containment Procedures: «REVISED» SCP-3835 is under continuous observation through a camera (appearing as a standard CCTV-type security camera) placed nearby its current location. No further containment is deemed necessary at this time. Should movement occur, the immediate area surrounding SCP-3835 is to be fenced off with construction warning signs noting that the statue is undergoing repairs, and SCP-3835 removed from the premises. The researcher responsible for study of SCP-3835 (currently Dr. Arc Mitchell) is to be consulted for creation of new containment procedures in this event. No replacement of SCP-3835 is to be created.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3836 is to be kept in a 4 meter by 4 meter by 5 meter chamber, furnished with a bed, sink, shower and jungle gym. SCP-3836 is to be provided with tools and small pieces of machinery for entertainment as requested. Music may be played in the chamber at SCP-3836's request between the hours of 9 AM and 6 PM. SCP-3836 may be allowed to exit its chamber and travel the facility, provided it has at least one escort.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3837 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-42. No meals are to be near 7 meters of SCP-3837's housing area. All questions from SCP-3837 regarding if one has consumed corn are to be either denied or ignored.
Special Containment Procedures: A perimeter is to be established 1km away from SCP-3838's area of operation. A single entrance is located on the eastern edge to allow entrance and egress to and from the area of operation and the research base.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3839 is to be contained in a large, reinforced, Heavy Bio-Containment Cell in the lower levels of Site-234, sealed according to BSL-4. SCP-3839 is to be fed 100 kg of lipids, preferably in the form of lard, once a week. All direct interaction with SCP-3839 and maintenance of its cell is to be done via robotic drone; no personnel are allowed inside the cell unless given direct permission by both the Project Head (currently Dr. Maravilla) and the Site Directors (currently Drs. Leep and Sherry Andrews).
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the size of the area SCP-3840 can manifest in, the entity cannot be physically contained. Containment will focus on disseminating fictional accounts of SCP-3840 sightings, intending to convince the general population that information pertaining to the anomaly is derived from an urban legend, along with explanations that attribute sightings to native fauna or hallucinations. Amnestics may be administered if witnesses attempt to heavily spread information on SCP-3840.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3842 must be kept within a safe with a 10x10x10 centimeter interior, with a 2 centimeter thick rubber padding on all sides. A blast-resistant camera has been placed within the safe to monitor SCP-3842 at all times. Any time SCP-3842 is removed from the safe, it must be handled with insulated rubber gloves.
Special Containment Procedures: Scherbius-Decker Learning Computer Psi-22 ("ASA") is to search gaming forums and websites for keywords1 indicating the presence of an SCP-3843-1 instance. Occurrences of these keywords are to be investigated by Foundation personnel. If an instance of SCP-3843-1 is confirmed at the reported location, it is to be delivered to Site-11 immediately and its owner administered a Class-A amnestic.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation operatives planted in distribution and reception facilities for literature in the state of Massachusetts are to examine all copies of Walden and contain SCP-3846 prior to shelving, preferably through the discreet removal of pages containing SCP-3846. Agents exposed to SCP-3846 in this manner are to keep a dream journal for a period of six months, or until dreams caused by SCP-3846 stop occurring for at least two weeks.
Special Containment Procedures: Fences have been erected around SCP-3847 to establish a secure perimeter 20 m away from the affected area. Outpost-3847 has been established at the entrance to SCP-3847 and is maintained by Site-143. Outpost-3847 must be continually manned by 2 personnel to warn off civilians and monitor the area. Experiments and updates regarding SCP-3847 are to be filed back to Site-143.
Special Containment Procedures: Copies of this document are retained in both digital and physical formats at all Foundation sites. Access to this document by Foundation personnel is not to be restricted, regardless of clearance level. In the event of a full ED-K-Class Lethe Scenario1 taking place and affecting more than 80% of the human population, public knowledge of this document and the existence of the Foundation is permitted, and can be approved if more than half of the acting O5 Council and more than half of the acting Ethics Committee vote as such.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-3849 cannot be relocated without risking structural damage to the surrounding bathtub, the property located at 810 Danforth St, Portland, ME has been purchased through a Foundation front company. The property is to remain locked, with access restricted to personnel with 4/3849 clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: The area in a ten-kilometer radius around SCP-3850 is guarded by Local Task Force Dalet-16 ("Laplace Transform") and is currently off-limits to all civilians under the guise of an archaeological expedition.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3851 is contained behind a chainlink fence measuring three meters in height topped with barbed wire which surrounds the lake's perimeter. Extra storm drains have been installed in the area surrounding SCP-3851 due to the lake's secondary anomalous effect.
Special Containment Procedures: Emergency Service calls are to be tracked and scanned for keywords by a Foundation operated bot. Upon confirmation of a SCP-3852 event, MTF Epsilon-6 "Village Idiots" are to be deployed to subdue all members of the affected community and terminate the active SCP-3852-2 instance. Any non-Foundation emergency personnel are to be recalled in order to prevent contact with affected community.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3854 is to be kept in a freshwater containment tank in Site-36. SCP-3854 requires no active maintenance, but a wood restoration specialist is to be kept on-site to perform monthly check-ups on the subject.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3855 is currently under Foundation control, and has been repurposed as a safehouse for local New York agents. Former patrons of The Secret Spirit have been issued amnesiacs[sic] - RAISA and remaining members of the Chicago Spirit associated with the bar have been apprehended. A guard detail is currently posted near the exterior entrance to prevent unauthorized access.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3857 should be kept in a standard storage locker in Site-73.
Special Containment Procedures: Until such a time where a permanent containment solution has been established, Foundation web crawlers have been set up to detect and remove links to SCP-3858 on publically-visible websites. SCP-3858-A instances created by civilians should be confiscated and incinerated, any .lmb files deleted from their computer and the civilian amnesticised.
Special Containment Procedures: While its use has diminished following 2015, active instances of SCP-3859 are still present on the European continent. Efforts to disable the technological components of SCP-3859 without harming their hosts are ongoing. Antiparasitic drugs have been introduced into the water supplies of France and surrounding nations to combat SCP-3859. Furthermore, a new EU Regulation lobbied for by several Foundation companies had increased the food safety standards for several mass-produced items used in religious ceremonies, such as Eucharist wafers, cutting back on the prevalence SCP-3859.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3860 is to be contained within a Type S Anti-Thaumatological Humanoid Anomaly Containment Cell at Site-19's High Security Humanoid Containment Wing. The cell is to be inspected daily for both contraband and attempts to breach containment. Physiological and psychological evaluations of SCP-3860 are to occur on a weekly basis to address SCP-3860's attempts at self-repair and potential mental deterioration. Any physiological changes made by SCP-3860 to itself are to be logged and evaluated for potential threat to containment.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation assets embedded in the United States Postal Service are to intercept any packages with a return address listing "TheThirteenAndYou" as the return address. The contents of these boxes are to be stored within a Site-77 vault. The packaging is not considered to be part of the anomaly, but should still be retained for DNA analysis and other potential evidence.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3862-1 and SCP-3862-2 are to be kept in a Secure Containment Locker at Site-73. SCP-3862-2 contains the nonlethal infohazardous symbol locus-ZGll1 and must be observed through a digital medium. Any personnel complaining of headaches or chest pains during or after viewing this symbol must be treated with class-A amnestics to prevent permanent disability. Any personnel directly exposed to SCP-3862-2 must be treated with class-B amnestics and kept in ICU for at least 24 hours.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-3863 is deferred to GoI-466 (Wilson's Wildlife Solutions) as per the Boring Agreement1. Instances of SCP-3863-1 are to be milked twice daily by personnel who are not allergic to bees.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3864 is to be hung on a wall in a standard containment chamber. Outside of scheduled tests, SCP-3864 is to be covered with a thick black cloth at all times. Should SCP-3864 grow too large to be completely covered by this cloth, D-Class personnel are to be dispatched immediately with an appropriately sized replacement.
Special Containment Procedures: The property containing SCP-3865 is to be owned and guarded by a Foundation front company. Level-3 clearance is required in order to enter SCP-3865.
Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-3866 are to be kept in a secure container at Site-23. Testing may only take place if a long-term humanoid containment pod is available.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation web crawlers are to track and erase any mention of SCP-3867 on the internet. Artificial Intelligence Construct TSAT has been programmed to monitor the Dark Web for any information relating to SCP-3867 or its creator(s).
Special Containment Procedures: At least one physical and digital copy of each SCP-3868-A iteration is to be hosted at Site-43's Archival Wing. Due to the low quantity of physical copies of the Constitution of New Zealand outside of Foundation control, those replaced by SCP-3868-A iterations may be passed off as hoaxes or confiscated by Foundation assets embedded in the local police force. Online copies of SCP-3868-A should be taken down through standard protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: Mirrors of the websites YouTube and Bandcamp are to be hosted on an isolated server farm located on Site-15. Foundation agents implanted in internet service providers around North America are to monitor web activity from the 203.0.██.███ family of IP addresses. When the public instances of the aforementioned sites are requested by these addresses, they are to be redirected to the foundation-hosted mirrors.
Special Containment Procedures: A specialized surveillance team of at least fifteen personnel is to be assigned to monitor news reports and traffic camera accident footage for SCP-3870 appearances in public areas. Should SCP-3870 be identified with relation to any accidents involving injury or property damage, the surveillance team is to distribute misinformation in the area accordingly and administer amnestics as necessary. Any individuals determined to have encountered SCP-3870 are to be monitored for unusual behavior.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3871 is to be kept in a secure containment locker in Site-77's Safe SCP wing. When SCP-3871 is being interacted with, all personnel in the area must ensure that no objects considered "anomalous" by SCP-3871 are being worn or carried in the open unless it is necessary for testing purposes. As SCP-3871's definition of "anomalous" is exceptionally vague, personnel are advised to display as few non-essential objects as possible in its presence.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3872 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell furnished with furniture predating 1930, to minimize distress to SCP-3872. Additional requests may be approved by Dr. Jamesson as required.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the SCP-GOC 1970 Accord1, direct Foundation involvement in the containment of SCP-3874 is impossible. The Foundation is to instead monitor the activities of GoI-616 "Pentagram"2 in relation to the anomaly and attempts to sabotage any known attempts to assassinate SCP-3874.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation webcrawlers and embedded agents will monitor civilian communications for reports consistent with SCP-3875 activity. This monitoring focuses on locations which are both informationally dense and open to the public, such as libraries, museums, bookstores and hobby or gaming retail locations. If the presence of SCP-3875 is noted, a Foundation front company which specializes in pest control will be dispatched to eliminate any egg sacs or juveniles at the target location. They must be accompanied by either a member of MTF Sigma-3 ("Bibliographers") if any are available, or else an agent with a CRV score of 15 or above who has been trained and equipped in accordance with SCP-3875 acquisition protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: The items comprising Lot 76 are to be kept on display in Lab 2-A5 in the Bio Wing of Site-81. SCP-3876 is to be held upright in a stand to facilitate the retrieval of SCP-3876-1 instances. In the event of a SCP-3876-1 manifestation, the Level 3 Researcher on duty should be notified.
Special Containment Procedures: The 50 km2 island located at ██°██'██.█″N █°██'██.█″E in the Pacific Ocean is to be stricken from all governmental and personal accounts. The location is to be actively shielded from remote observation so as to prevent inquiry or information breach. Any remote observation device such as drones which may pose a possible threat to the continued secrecy of the island must be promptly destroyed or redirected. Manned aircraft or seafaring vessels must be flagged down and questioned about their knowledge regarding the location. If it is determined the person or persons has no prior knowledge regarding the island, they are to be amnesticized and released. In the event a detained human has prior knowledge regarding the island, please refer to Document 3877-004 for proper interrogation techniques.
Special Containment Procedures: The procedure required to operate SCP-3878 has been restricted to Level 5 clearance and translated into the Giimbiyu language. Decryption of the document will only occur with the majority assent of the O5 Council or when the semantic fallout produced by SCP-3878 fades, at which point in time SCP-3878 should be activated again in order to ensure that the Giimbiyu language's cognitohazardous properties (and thus tactical utility) are retained.
Special Containment Procedures: Full containment is deferred to GoI-466 (Wilson's Wildlife Solutions) as per the Boring Agreement1.
Special Containment Procedures: As the DJ Chaac account cannot currently be removed, Foundation focus is on obfuscation of content via generation of streams with identical names and content.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3881 is to be kept within a standard containment locker. No further containment procedures are necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: On 06/04/2019, the Triumvirate council voted on the declassification of SCP-3882 in a 6-3 vote. To help the population of Earth adjust to imminent event XK-610-Ω, versions of SCP-3882 with adjusted anomalous effects have been introduced into the general populace. Audio files of the unadjusted versions of these songs are available on request.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3883 is to be kept in a standard secure locker in Site-16. Access to SCP-3883 requires Level-2 or higher authorization.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3886-01 is to be detained in a standard humanoid containment cell in Site-102’s Low-Threat Humanoid Wing. To encourage compliance with Foundation staff, SCP-3886-01 may be granted requested reading and recreational items pending approval of Site administration. Under no circumstances outside of testing is SCP-3886-01 to be allowed access to SCP-3886 (which itself is to be kept in a locked storage box in Site-102’s Safe Object Wing). Testing may occur with oversight from at least one Level 3 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3887-A is to be housed within a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-17. A one-way mirror is to be positioned on the opposite side of the bed. At least two personnel should be stationed in the observation room at all times. SCP-3887-A must receive a vitamin integrator with its ordinary food intake due to minor health issues.
To maintain SCP-3887-A's mental health and ensure its cooperation, it has been allowed control of the lights inside its cell. In case of emergency, control of said lights can still be overridden by monitoring personnel in the observation room to limit or otherwise impair aggressive behavior from SCP-3887-B. SCP-3887-A must be supplied with new socks every three days.
Special Containment Procedures: Research into the precise nature of SCP-3888, its root cause, and the potential to recover affected personnel or civilians is ongoing. All personnel are encouraged to submit any information they believe may be pertinent to SCP-3888 to the SCP-3888 crisis research committee. Foundation AI projects are currently authorized to identify and collect such information from civilian sources. Until further notice, Foundation personnel missing for unknown reasons and spikes in civilian disappearances beyond projected statistics are to be considered caused by the action of SCP-3888 unless proven otherwise.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-3890, and my current situation, I am unable to enact containment procedures. For the time being, I will focus my efforts on exploring SCP-3890 and the anomalous phenomena it displays.
Special Containment Procedures: By agreement with the United States and Marshall Islands governments, the Foundation has established Site-68 on Kwajalein Atoll for SCP-3891 containment. Two Foundation Cyclone-class patrol vessels (SCPS Arethusa and SCPS Leander) with aviation support are to enforce a perimeter 50km from SCP-3891, with the cover of a US military restricted zone. Any civilian vessels or aircraft approaching this area are to be rerouted. Under no circumstances are vessels or aircraft, Foundation or otherwise, to enter within 10km of SCP-3891, or attempt to view SCP-3891 with magnification aids.
Special Containment Procedures: Recovered SCP-3900 infected hardware is to be destroyed prior to the next occurrence of a full moon. In the case that SCP-3900 is activated in an uncontrolled setting, care must be taken to ensure that no wolves escape.
Special Containment Procedures: Any accounts that fit the description of an encounter with SCP-3901 are to be investigated by field agents immediately. Civilians targeted by SCP-3901 will need to be debriefed, undergo Procedure Zara-22, and be amnestitized before being released. Capture of SCP-3901 using standard anti-intangant acquisition methods is Priority-Delta. SCP-3901 has yet to be recorded on digital video or photographed, but its voice has been captured on audio during observations.
Special Containment Procedures: Online communities for individuals identifying as ‘Otherkin’, and Elvenkin in particular, are to be monitored for discussion of SCP-3903. Any individuals claiming to have experienced or witnessed occurrences of SCP-3903 or SCP-3903-B are to be investigated by Mobile Task Force Psi-22 “A Midsummer Night's Dream” and, if their claims are verified, are either to be recruited for testing of SCP-3903 or administered Class-G1 amnestics and discredited.
Special Containment Procedures: All SCP-3904 instances are currently kept in cold storage in Site-66. Should testing be required, live instances of Felis catus (Domestic housecat) can be requested from the Site-66 breeding pen.
Special Containment Procedures: Local personnel must hold an annual celebration at Site-121 on the third Sunday in January. Execution of the event may vary superficially each year as long as the following features are included:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3907 and the field surrounding it are to be enclosed by a 125m x 125m perimeter fence, with at least one part of the fence obscured from view at all times. All SCP-3907 events are to be observed by on-site staff, and any abnormalities are to be reported at once.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3908 is kept in SCP-3908's containment unit. Personnel are to refrain from speaking or writing about SCP-3908 to SCP-3908 to avoid SCP-3908 being SCP-3908.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-3909-A are exceptionally difficult to identify prior to manifestation of SCP-3909-B, efforts are to focus on identification of SCP-3909-A instances after SCP-3909-B's first appearance through traces on social and traditional media. If SCP-3909-A has not yet participated in a competition, they are to be dosed with SCP-1853. The subject's areas of skill and expertise are to be assessed, and any assistance deemed necessary for developing these skills should be provided, before SCP-3909-A is allowed to participate in a competition.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3910 is to be kept in a locked containment locker in Site-16. No personnel are allowed to remove the object from containment unless permission has been obtained from Dr. Williams.
Special Containment Procedures: Contained instances of SCP-3911 are to be incinerated in a quarantined Off-Site location unless specified by an individual of level-3 clearance or above. To ensure the complete destruction of all spores, the remains of incinerated instances of SCP-3911 are to be mixed in with concrete and contained in warehouse 127-B. Instances of SCP-3911 that are preserved for testing are to be regarded as a Level-2 biohazard. Medical records and police reports in areas where SCP-3911 has been known to be found are to be monitored for keywords relating to SCP-3911, and a full list of keywords can be found on document 134-F.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3912 is to be contained in a 77mm lens filter case with soft-foam packaging and placed in a standard secure locker. Access to SCP-3912 for testing requires Level security 2 clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: Neither SCP-3913 nor SCP-3913-1 may be moved from their designated locations without approval from the 3913 Project Head and subsequent revision of these containment procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: As of the time of writing, all members of SCP-3914 remain uncontained and active. Given the considerable resources SCP-3914 has at its disposal, any operation to contain the group as a whole has been deemed infeasible. Instead, MTF Alpha-4 ("Pony Express") operatives have been embedded within Amazon.com, Inc. and are to monitor the activities of any individual involved with SCP-3914. In the event that an opportunity to capture a member of SCP-3914 should arise, MTF Psi-8 ("The Silencers") are to be deployed to detain the individual in question and transport them to Site-██ for containment and interrogation. Any anomalous object or entity created by SCP-3914 are similarly to be contained within Site-██ for further study. Given the likelihood that SCP-3914's necromantic capabilities are derived from anomalous artifacts, the retrieval and containment of these artifacts is to be considered top priority for all Foundation agents embedded within Amazon.
Special Containment Procedures: Currently, no containment procedures are necessary to contain SCP-3915 beyond standard POI monitoring. Outpost-84 is currently being maintained as an independent Foundation installation in Alaska.
Special Containment Procedures: One small swarm of SCP-3916 is contained in a standard biological containment cell at Site-121. It is to be fed daily with 500kg of fresh plant matter. Excess instances (past roughly 1500) are to be terminated as necessary. Any instances that escape containment are to be terminated by conventional means, such as fire or insecticide. Any personnel wishing to conduct experiments on SCP-3916 should contact its current head researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3917 is to be contained within a 30 cm by 30 cm acrylic box. The interior of the box must have a constant pressure of 0.65 atmospheres. No glass objects or electronics are permitted within 75 400 meters of the containment cell. All staff attending SCP-3917 must be free of silicon implants, glass accessories, and any other form of silicon based attire.
Special Containment Procedures: Emergency Protocol RHINEHARDT has been implemented:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3919 is designated an ATEN-class memetic hazard. The full name of SCP-3919-A and access to any document in which this is recorded is restricted to a single member of Level-1 personnel at all times. Under no circumstances should any item, object, location or concept be referred to by terminology relating to the personal details of SCP-3919-A.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3922 is to be contained in a standard containment locker at Site-59. Requests for usage in research may be forwarded to Director Naismith.
Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-3923 are currently being held at Site 55's Botanical Containment Center. Personnel interacting with instances of SCP-3923 are to be equipped with non-rebreather masks and personal oxygen tanks. Prunings are to be carried out by trained personnel only. Instances are to be watered no more than once a week.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3924 should be monitored via sonar at all times for any atypical behaviour. Records of its courses and speeds should be catalogued.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-3925 has a global reach and is spontaneously generated from an unknown source, full containment is not currently feasible. Until such time as a permanent containment solution can be found, these procedures have been developed in order to minimise the duration and scale of SCP-3925 events and lower the risk of public exposure.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3927 is to be kept in a wire cage, with all walls measuring at least 60 cm long. SCP-3927 is to be provided with a record player manufactured between the years of 1883 to 1927; music from the same time period is to be played to SCP-3927 continuously for at least 12 hours each day.
Special Containment Procedures: The entire known supply of SCP-3929 is contained in a secure container at Site-81. Testing of SCP-3929 cannot take place without the authorization of the current SCP-3929 research head, currently Dr. G. McElroy, the Site-81 Containment Research Head.
Special Containment Procedures: Individuals assigned to SCP-3930 are to monitor the S5-C9 perimeter established near Usinsk, Russia, and follow orders from on-site command. Individuals assigned to SCP-3930 are to be made aware that there is nothing within the perimeter, as SCP-3930 does not exist.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the immobile nature of SCP-3931, the park has been declared Provisional Site-3931. Observation Post 3931-A (35° 8' 1.6476'' N, 81° 22' 9.346'' W) has been established at the entrance to SCP-3931. Ostensibly a park ranger station, this post is manned by two armed personnel at all times in order to monitor SCP-3931.
Special Containment Procedures: An audio file of SCP-3932 is to be kept on secure Foundation servers at Site-72, Site-01, and Site-19. Personnel with Level 3 or higher access are permitted to listen to SCP-3932 at any time, provided that no cetaceans are within audible range.
Special Containment Procedures: A pod of 58 59 SCP-3934 instances is currently contained within Lake Baocang in Site-220's Parazoology Reserve, known publicly as the Baihe Natural Reserve.1 Foundation Parazoologists are to ensure that all specimens receive adequate nutrition and healthcare, and are also responsible for overseeing a breeding program designed to minimize inbreeding-related genetic defects within the population. Bodies of deceased instances are to be disposed of via cremation following standard testing and examination procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: Personnel stationed at SCP-3936 are to broadcast a signal confirming their continued presence there on the first day of each month. Copies of all records marked as being at significant risk of retroactive alteration are to be stored at SCP-3936. Any repairs required by the systems of SCP-3936 are to be performed by an on-site team of engineers.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-3937-1 have been cremated, and non-Euclidean portions of Site-112 have been properly sealed by containment teams. Any similar future spatial distortions within any Foundation site, as well as any manifestation of SCP-3937-1 instances, must immediately be reported to the local HCML supervisor and O5 Secretariat Office.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3938 is to be kept in a standard containment chamber with a singular bike rack at Site-13. SCP-3938 is to be equipped with a GPS tracking device. Testing is to be approved by Level 3 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Object is kept in standard pre-containment holding cell. A researcher is to be assigned to classify it as soon as possible.
Special Containment Procedures: Following the death of Mel Blanc and the simultaneous occurrence of Incident 3940-1 on July 10, 1989, no activity regarding this anomaly has been detected.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3941-1 is currently located in a Secure Holding Facility in Site ██. Armed guards are to be posted outside SCP-3941-1, in case of an ORIA incursion in Site ██. Surveillance cameras are to be trained on SCP-3941-1 at all times, due to the possibility of entities emerging from SCP-3941-2. SCP-3941-3 has thus far prevented all attempts to install camera feeds within SCP-3941-2; it is recommended that alternate methods be employed.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment Chamber #3942, located at Site-39, must be kept structurally sound at all times. Any damage to the containment chamber must be repaired immediately. Containment Chamber #3942 must always be kept within the area of effect of at least two active Scranton Reality Anchors. No personnel are to enter Containment Chamber #3942 without prior approval from at least three on-site personnel with Level 4 or higher clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3943 is to be regularly promoted among demographics who are generally inclined to be cooperative with food service employees and to leave positive feedback for said employees.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3944 is to be kept in a standard, locked storage unit at Site-56. Storage unit should be kept locked at all times to prevent accidental usage. The code to the storage unit can be obtained from the Site Supervisor following testing approval.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3945 is to be kept in a Standard Containment Locker. The object should be covered entirely by a thick cloth at all times. SCP-3945 should never be viewed with the naked eye, with all interactions taking place via remote means.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-3946's nature, standard relocation protocols cannot be enacted. The Foundation has built a small outcrop of houses along the road SCP-3946 is nearest to, with Foundation agents acting as residents and, in one case, the owner of the property SCP-3946 is located in. Because SCP-3946's size proves a hindrance to truly cover up, the planted residents must inform interested parties of SCP-3946 being an artificial fish habitat1 in attempt to deter the overly curious.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation webcrawler I/O-NYSE is to monitor for posts mentioning Penumbra W.A.V.E. or its characters. Any flagged posts are to be immediately reported to Mobile Task Force Omicron-5 ("TRUE Fans"). MTF Omicron-5 is to determine if these posts originated from SCP-3949, and if so, to respond to these posts until the SCP-3949 instance deletes itself.
Special Containment Procedures: All thirteen SCP-3950 instances are currently contained within Area-12's Parazoology wing inside a large freshwater tank, and fed twice monthly on a diet of earthworms.1 Interaction between SCP-3950 instances and personnel is otherwise to be kept minimal, to allow the former a proper environment for rest and recuperation.
Special Containment Procedures: Monitoring of SCP-3951 should be conducted through unmanned drones. SCP-3951-1 is not to be entered without first requesting permission from SCP-3951. SCP-3951 should be monitored for signs of imminent movement so that seismic activity warnings can be issued. Engaging in conversation with SCP-3951 should be avoided. No domesticated dogs should be brought into the presence of SCP-3951 while the dog is accompanied by a human.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3952's area of operation is to be monitored by ground-based radar at all times, with civilian aircraft diverted from SCP-3952's flight path. As the main risk from SCP-3952 is its threat to normalcy, containment procedures revolve around concealing its anomalous characteristics. Site-1922 has been established with the guise of a private vintage aircraft restoration organisation ('Society for Conservation of Planes'), in order to provide a plausible explanation should the existence of SCP-3952 come to the attention of any individual, with at least one aircraft resembling SCP-3952 in constant operation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3954 is to be housed in a 5m X 5m humanoid containment cell in Site 4 with standard furniture items and a TV.
Special Containment Procedures: The remains of SCP-3955, related artifacts, and a single instance of SCP-3955-1 are stored in Archival Locker 18, Vault 3, Reliquary Storage Site-41. Standard procedure for artifact study remains in effect.
Special Containment Procedures: At least one member of MTF Mu-33 ("Show-goers") must be present at all showings of musical productions in London's West End. If SCP-3956 manifests the theatre is to be sealed off until all mealworms have been removed and all civilians inside have been amnesticised.
Special Containment Procedures: Access to SCP-3957 is to be restricted to Foundation personnel. SCP-3957 is to be guarded by no less than 25 armed security officers at all times, with a half kilometer perimeter established to prevent any civilians from entering the immediate vicinity of SCP-3957. A cover story implying structural instability of the prison is to be disseminated among the local civilian populace. Civilians who breach the perimeter and reach SCP-3957 are to be detained immediately and turned over to Russian authorities for trespassing. Civilians who breach the perimeter and reach SCP-3957 or witness any testing are to be either terminated or given Class-A amnestics before being detained, at the discretion of the overseeing security officer.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3958 is currently not contained. Any civilian air-transport is to be delayed to keep planes out of its flight-path. Additionally, several smaller communities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Tanzania, Gabon and ████████ have been relocated to minimize the chances of exposure or lethal injury. Contact with living creatures is to be avoided at all times. Slabs of soil of at least 200 kg are placed at a height of at least 20 meters or highest point of construction in high-density population centers to reduce risk of collision.
Special Containment Procedures: Members of Mobile Task Force Kappa-10 ("Skynet") are assigned the task of tracking SCP-3959. All personnel assigned to the study of SCP-3959 must score above a 40 on the Anomalous Cognition Resistance Scale (See Addendum 3959-1-1A).
Special Containment Procedures: Unassembled instances of SCP-3960 are to be stored in their original packaging within high-security electronics storage containers in the storage wing of Site-64. Assembly of a new instance of SCP-3960 requires the approval of both the site's Ethics Committee liaison and Site Command.
Special Containment Procedures: The University of Cincinnati College of Law main building is to be locked for the duration of 2400 to 0500 hours. Any student attempting to gain access to the building during these hours is to be turned away, and asked to come back during open hours.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3962 is to be held in a standard containment locker at Site-17, and may only be removed for testing purposes by personnel of Level 3 clearance or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3965 is presently monitored by two Series II Quicksilver satellites (for details regarding the Series II Quicksilver, see Document-QS2-Alpha), which are additionally tasked with monitoring SCP-1815.
Special Containment Procedures: A vial of SCP-3966-A is kept in frozen laboratory storage at Site-66. It is to be tested monthly for contamination. Any new compounds found to contaminate the vial sample must be spectrographically analyzed for its chemical composition and any open molecular bonds must be noted.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3967 is currently housed at Site-17 and is allowed to freely roam the facility under supervision of at least one (1) Level 1 researcher. It is allowed to have a fully furnished housing unit located in the staff housing wing. When not in its housing unit, SCP-3967 is to be equipped with a tracking bracelet attached to one of its arms or legs, even when under supervision. SCP-3967 should not be allowed near exceptionally sharp objects including but not limited to kitchen knives, needles, and saw blades.
Special Containment Procedures: Global containment of SCP-3968 is the responsibility of MTF Delta-2 (‘Explosive Tempers’). Discovered examples of SCP-3968 are to be disarmed and disassembled on site, prior to transport to Site-██. De-mining techniques involving controlled detonations are prohibited, as are any other activities that risk explosions occurring in the vicinity of SCP-3968. Heavily contaminated areas (defined as containing >100 examples of SCP-3968) are to be cordoned off instead of cleared, with appropriate warning signage and barriers installed. Additionally, these areas are to be subject to sterilisation with chemical defoliants or area denial weapons. This procedure may be varied with Level 3 staff authorisation based on local conditions such as terrain and proximity to human activity.
Special Containment Procedures: There is currently no feasible way to completely prevent the occurrence of SCP-3969 in human beings. Current procedure is focused on minimizing public exposure to its effects. To achieve this, the following containment protocols are to be enacted:
Special Containment Procedures: Site-211 has been created around SCP-3970 under the guise of a geologic research facility. Security checkpoints have been established on all roads leading to Site-211 to deter unauthorized access.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3971 has been welded shut in its frame. Signage for utility closet SB3-117a has been replaced with an "Out of Order" sign. Site-178 staff have been advised that materials previously contained in utility closet SB3-117a have been relocated to utility closet SB3-117d.
Special Containment Procedures: Researcher Alyx Romana’s film is currently the only non-infohazardous method of storing information relating to SCP-3972’s effect. The film is to be screened to all members of Mobile Task Forces assigned to investigations of both Vytas Andressen’s disappearance and the Slovenian National Society for the Preservation of Vakarinė’s Works, the group that has claimed responsibility for SCP-3972.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3973 is to be kept in a locked box and placed inside of a standard anomalous item locker in the Site-16 storage room. Testing is approved for and staff Level 2 or higher. Staff who wish to test SCP-3973 must make an entry in the log book located in the Site-16 storage room.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3974 instances are stored in humanoid containment cells. Relative humidity is to remain below 50%. The temperature of the cells containing instances -1,-2, and -4, is to be kept at 17° Celsius. The containment cells of SCP-3974 objects are to be decontaminated once daily. Level-A hazmat suits are required for direct or indirect interaction with said objects.
Special Containment Procedures: All Foundation agents embedded in the Canadian government are aware of the existence of SCP-3975 and its containment is considered a secondary or primary duty of all Foundation employees based in Canada working with government-related anomalies. Any physical instances of SCP-3975 that are not initially contained by embedded agents are to be confiscated by the nearest Foundation Mobile Task Force with amnestics distributed as appropriate. Foundation operated web analysis bot Alpha-59 ("OREOSTOP") is currently tasked with monitoring and removing any surviving online instances.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation webcrawlers and personnel are to monitor media channels for any signs of an SCP-3976 manifestation. Once detected, containment and security personnel under the guise of UK national law enforcement are to be dispatched to the site of SCP-3976 to secure a perimeter and investigate the manifestation.
Special Containment Procedures: Internal communications at Dr. Pepper Snapple Group Inc. are to be monitored for references to any potential anomalous properties of SCP-3977, using established SIGINT procedures. Priority is to be given to communications indicating any significant changes in the production levels and distribution of SCP-3977.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3978 resides in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-██. To prevent further self-injury, it has been restrained to a bed and requires feeding by hand. Medical equipment for rapid sedation and the provision of intravenous nutrition is to be utilised if SCP-3978 shows signs of food refusal. Access to SCP-3978's containment chamber is restricted to personnel with Foundation Intelligence Agency clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3979 has been neutralised. SCP-3979-4 and the remains of SCP-3979-1 and -2 are to be kept in a secure locker in Site-64.
Special Containment Procedures: Confirmed instances of SCP-3981 on public television channels are to be immediately blocked and collected for later analysis by Mobile Task Force 71-Gamma ("Binge Watchers")1. Software designed to automatically detect and block such instances has been installed on several servers used by major television corporations in the United States, but manual review is still necessary due to the imperfect nature of this software. Collected broadcasts must be stored as .MP4 files on authorized USB devices and kept on person until personnel are able to contact a fellow field operative or return to an operating site; loss of these USB devices is cause for immediate project reassignment and, depending on the circumstances, further disciplinary action.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-3984 revolves around inducing death in affected animals. As this is not currently possible, SCP-3984 can be considered uncontained. Research efforts must be directed into the development of alternative methods of inducing death.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-262 is to be constructed for containment of SCP-3985. All non-aerial avenues of ingress are to be obstructed or destroyed following site construction. All records containing the exact location of Site-262 are to be removed from Foundation systems, and all vehicles transporting personnel or resources to Site-262 are to have tracking systems disengaged prior to departure. Site-262 is to operate permanently at alert level 9.1
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Chi-99 "Ancestral Voices Prophesying War", has been established to locate SCP-3986. The area of search has been narrowed down to Mongolia, Xinjiang, Kazakhstan and parts of southern Russia. Chi-99 is employing a number of unconventional methods of detection, including extensive use of Hume detection, neutrino cannon, and large-scale interviews with locals.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3987 is to be kept in a soundproof containment locker at Site-48. Testing of SCP-3987 is permitted to personnel with Level 3 clearance or above. Hearing protection is to be worn by personnel when activating SCP-3987.
Special Containment Procedure:
Special Containment Procedures: 3 automated monitoring/ECM stations have been constructed within the region, which will block SCP-3990 with static interference when it is detected. Regular maintenance is to be conducted 24 hours before each predicted occurrence of SCP-3990.
Special Containment Procedures: An exclusion zone is to be maintained at a distance of three (3) kilometres from the geographic centre of the island, with the area officially designated a U.S. Navy installation to deter visitors. Arleigh Burke-class Destroyer USS Curtis Wilbur is to conduct regular patrols around the island. Additional, fake vessels are to be constructed from wood and styrofoam to appear from a distance as U.S. Navy ships, to further sell the island as a military installation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3993 is to be sheathed in a waterproof metal and plastic framework. Two 1.4m LCD displays must be attached on both larger sides, displaying rich media advertising. A keyboard and Android tablet is to be fixed on the narrow 'sidewalk' edge, with two USB type-A ports. Care must be taken to render both USB ports, the keyboard, and the tablet totally inoperable.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3994 is currently being held onsite at Site-92. The doors to SCP-3994's containment chambers must be pressurized as to prevent instances from maneuvering through gaps between the door and its frame. Instances are to be separated by category into their respective containment chambers in groups of no more than 15 per chamber. Should the number of instances in any given category exceed 800, termination of up to 500 instances may be permitted. Termination of an instance of SCP-3994 requires 87% of its mass to be completely destroyed, whether by incineration of 800 degrees Celsius, dissolution by an acid of 1.1 pH or less, or a detonation of 415 megajoules of trinitrotoluene. Recategorization of instances should occur bimonthly.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3996's intangibility makes any capture impossible. Instead, Research Base 1212 has been set up to surround SCP-3996's area of operation.
Special Containment Procedures: All SCP-3997-1 instances are to be taken into Foundation custody, and interviewed to acquire information on SCP-3997, before being issued with Class-C amnestics and returned to the population.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3998 is to be contained in Secure Holding Locker 3998-1 (SHL 3998-1). SHL-3998-1 is to be fireproofed, and vacuum sealed to prevent access to oxygen. SCP-3998 and SHL 3998-1 are scheduled for cleaning every day at 9:00 AM.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3999 cannot be contained at the present moment, and currently poses a ZK Class End-of-reality scenario. The most advisable course of action is for Researcher Talloran, believed to be the focal point of SCP-3999, to remove himself from contact with all Foundation sites and personnel to avoid further collateral damage to Foundation property. It is theorized that if Researcher Talloran is contained in an extremely secluded area, then the destructive capabilities of SCP-3999 will temporarily cease
Special Containment Procedures: The extradimensional location described below as well as the entities and landmarks contained therein are nomenclative hazards (Eshu Class) and therefore may not be referred to by any name, title, or designation. Only descriptions may be used when referring to the forest outside normative space and native entities thereof. Variations must be made in these descriptions each time a subject is described. Descriptions may be color coded for clarity,1 and florid language may be used for the sake of nomenclative diversity.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4001 is secured within a reinforced concrete bunker disguised as a warehouse, constructed for its concealment in the city of Alexandria, Egypt. The block surrounding the warehouse has been purchased by the Foundation, and the buildings upon them are currently rented out to a number of business and private individuals to help maintain the facade. All civilians and non-cleared staff attempting to enter the warehouse are to be turned away. All civilians and non-cleared staff found within the warehouse are to be detained, interrogated, and administered Class-C Amnestics. The use of lethal force if intruders prove non-compliant is authorised.
Special Containment Procedures: All information directly regarding SCP-4002 is to be expunged from the general database, with the sole exception of a sealed file accessible only by members of the O5 Council. Should any unauthorized individual obtain information regarding SCP-4002, purposefully or otherwise, they are to be terminated without exception.
Special Containment Procedures: A 2km area surrounding SCP-4003 and Provisional Site-1200 has been designated a protected area. Civilians entering the perimeter are to be intercepted and turned away. Only personnel specializing in archeology, paleontology, and geology may be assigned to Provisional Site-1200.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4004 is contained 25 meters beneath Arlington National Cemetery in a maximum-security 150m x 95m x 6m chamber. Any chamber used to contain SCP-4004 must be built to withstand sustained assault from both conventional and esoteric weaponry, as well as any relevant natural disasters. Details regarding SCP-4004's chamber are available to Level-6/4004 engineers and maintenance technicians.
Special Containment Procedures: No concrete containment procedures are necessary. Actions taken in regards to SCP-4006 should follow standard protocol of maintaining the veil (Protocol MtV-4006).
Special Containment Procedures: Primary containment of SCP-4007 consists of investigation into SCP-4007-5’s location. MTF Phi-51 (“MacArthur’s Dogs”) are currently spearheading the investigation efforts, as well as drafting plans for SCP-4007-5's capture.
Special Containment Procedures: Research into the specific nature of SCP-4008 is ongoing. As such, standard protocols for dealing with potential memetic hazards, infohazards, temporal alterations and spatial warping are to be observed. Additionally, Class-3 data integrity checks are to be performed on information relating to Foundation sites hourly until the nature of SCP-4008 is understood.
Special Containment Procedures: The caste system exercised by the population of SCP-4009-A is to be perpetually maintained. The Foundation-Mozart Alliance Protocol is to be constantly upheld to ensure social order within the bounds of SCP-4009. Details of the Foundation-Mozart Alliance Protocol are accessible to personnel with Level 3/4009 Clearance and up. SCP-4009 is otherwise self-contained and requires minimal containment procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4010 is not to be acted out in any circumstances. Any information regarding the results of Project Kronos are to be destroyed by means deemed necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: The former Provisional Area-R01 has been lost. Automated lockdown procedures are in effect, and Mobile Task Force Upsilon-53 is monitoring the facility entrance. All SCP-4011-1 instances found outside of SCP-4011 are to be destroyed on sight should not be approached or otherwise provoked until further notice. The SCPS Moksha was launched from Site-███ on 2053-01-21, carrying relief forces and supplies for the establishment of Armed Area-R02. It is expected to reach Martian orbit on 2053-08-30. Should SCP-4011-1 attempt to breach automated Area-R01 defenses before the establishment of Armed Area-R02, MTF Upsilon-53 members are advised to retreat to a safe location until Foundation rescue forces arrive.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4012-1 is, itself, surrounded with a 3 meter high security fence topped with coiled barbed wire, and accessed through a Level 8 Standard Pedestrian Security Gate, staffed by two personnel from Provisional Site-30. This fence and gate have been set up under the guise of a US Military installation, and appropriate signage has been erected. The entire structure is to surround SCP-4012-1 at a distance of 1 kilometer. All personnel monitoring expeditions are to take twenty minute shifts to negate the psychological effects of viewing the interior of SCP-4012. Personnel finishing shifts are to be blindfolded and made to lie down in a darkened room for a minimum of an hour, under the supervision and care of the site psychologist, and rotated out to normal duty after two hours.
Special Containment Procedures: The formal containment of SCP-4013 is currently pending awaiting the construction of a chamber capable of nullifying SCP-4013's unique temporal properties. Such a chamber is currently under construction at Secure Site(s) 19, 45, 76, and/or ███. Afterwards, a formal set of special containment procedures will be written up before SCP-4013 is formally contained and classified.
Special Containment Procedures: As of July 11, 1979, SCP-4014 is to be considered Neutralized.
Special Containment Procedure: SCP-4016 is currently contained in a specialized chamber at Site-32, equipped with furnishings similar to those present in its location of discovery. Access to the entity is restricted to Level-2 personnel and above.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4018 is kept in Site-57's low-risk anomalous object storage vault. No imagery of SCP-4018 may be distributed to any media outlet. Any photographs or videos of SCP-4018 found outside of containment must be destroyed.
Special Containment Procedures: Toronto-based radio and television stations are to be monitored for the mention of SCP-4019. If discovered, a minor disinformation campaign is to be spread showing the instance's anomalous abilities as a hoax and Class-A amnestics are to be administered when required.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4020 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell. In an attempt to stimulate SCP-4020’s memory and promote its rehabilitation, it is henceforth to be contained within a fortified reproduction of Dr. Lecroy’s current apartment1. This has been constructed on sub-level 33 of Site-17 at the request of Dr. Palomi. The facsimile has been copied as faithfully as possible with the following alterations.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4022 is contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-███. SCP-4022 is not to be permitted access to psychiatric care. Personnel are not permitted to discuss the mental state of SCP-4022, verbally or otherwise.
Special Containment Procedures: [Pending]
Special Containment Procedures: The area affected by SCP-4024 has been established as a No Entry Zone; its perimeter is monitored by a series of mobile outposts under the jurisdiction of Containment Area 43. These outposts are to move in accordance with the expansion of this perimeter. Personnel with Class C clearance and above are prohibited from making direct physical contact with SCP-4024. All personnel are to be reminded that voices and emotions experienced within the region are not real, and should be ignored.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4025 is currently kept in a top secret containment facility in Bonn, Germany. As per the 1949 National Socialist Anomalies Regulation Agreement between the Foundation and the Federal Republic of Germany, containment and research efforts are managed by the Foundation with German oversight. All historical literature affected by SCP-4025-A must be transcribed, with said transcriptions available to federal authorities for review after being screened by the current head researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: Periodic interruptions in SCP-4027's containment are an expected component of the anomaly's nature. Once confirmed, SCP-4027 is to be contained in a modified humanoid containment chamber at the nearest Foundation site.
Special Containment Procedures: The development of effective containment procedures for SCP-4028 is ongoing. Meanwhile, personnel are to focus on the expungement of all canonical deviations in fiction caused by SCP-4028. To accomplish this, the following measures are in place:
Special Containment Procedures: A unit of MTF Upsilon-Peorð ("Slings and Arrows")1 is to guide SCP-4029 away from population centres using a combination of blunt non-penetrative force, loud noise (between 130 and 140 decibels), bright strobing lights, and various other forms of stimuli irritants. An antimemetic barrier is to be erected around SCP-4029 whenever it enters a dormant phase (see description). A method of rendering SCP-4029 immobile is currently being researched.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4030 is to be kept folded and vacuum sealed inside an opaque plastic bag and stored within a safe-class containment vault. Direct skin contact is prohibited, except for any test subjects while in testing conditions.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4032 has been cordoned off in the research gardens of Site 67. All instances of SCP-4032-1 are be gathered daily and incinerated on-site. Misuse of SCP-4032-1 will lead to suspension or termination of employment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4033 is currently held at Site-██ in a padlocked glass container. When handling the object, 0.5 centimetre rubber gloves are to be worn at all times. No direct contact with SCP-4033 is permitted unless conducting a test. No more tests including SCP-4033 are to be conducted under order from the Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: Access to the historical Bohemian Chancellery has been restricted under the guise of UNESCO world heritage regulation. Should any unauthorized personnel witness an SCP-4034 event, they are to be administered an appropriate amnestic dose and then released.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4036 is to be surrounded by a perimeter covering 120,000 km2 maintained by the Foundation Navy in collaboration with United Nations Peacekeeping troops in order to prevent any SCP-4036-1 instances or trade coming in or out of the perimeter. If objects or persons attempt to penetrate the perimeter, they are to be neutralized, and their remains relocated to Site-004 in Indonesia.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4037 is to be kept in its original wooden box inside a standard lead-lined storage container at Site-77.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4038-C individuals may travel freely within Site-44 during the day so long as they wear surgical masks and report to their quarantine before dark. The quarantine quarters contain individual cells, a cafeteria, and a recreation area. Research and facilities staff are required to wear full protective equipment within the quarantine area at all times. Study of SCP-4038 outside of quarantine is permitted but must take place in sealed chambers with full decontamination systems.
Special Containment Procedures: In accordance with Operation Gaslight, containment efforts primarily consist of maintaining public perception of SCP-4039 as non-anomalous.
Special Containment Procedures: The DYNASTY Protocol is currently in effect, and is to be maintained indefinitely. Birds injured by SCP-4041-1 are to be explained under the cover story of predatory birds consuming toxic materials. Civilians witnessing or interacting with SCP-4041-1 are to be amnesticized.
Special Containment Procedures: Four D-class instances of SCP-4042-1 are kept housed within a Group Secure Humanoid Containment Cell, separate from other D-class personnel. Such individuals are to be exempted from the monthly management of D-class personnel. Any instances of SCP-4042-2 are to be contained with their corresponding instance of SCP-4042-1.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-4043 requires the Foundation to commit to two partially contradictory aims.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation webcrawler D1N4 is to monitor electronic medical records for evidence of SCP-4044 events.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4045-B instances are to be impounded for study, and are to be stored in Vehicular Containment Garages as appropriate, pending destruction.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4046 is kept in a secure objects locker. Requests for children for use in experiments with SCP-4046 are to be submitted to and approved by at least two Level-3 Personnel. All subjects used are to be amnesticized following the conclusion of experiments.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4047 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell, the walls, floor and ceiling of SCP-4047's containment cell are to be lined with clear acrylic plastic. SCP-4047 is only to be allowed out of its primary containment cell for the purposes of testing and interviewing, which must be cleared by at least two senior researchers. SCP-4047's physical and psychological health should be monitored and recorded on a monthly basis. Changes in SCP-4047's health or behaviour are to be tracked and if necessary, reported for an Ethics Committee review on current containment procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation is to sponsor forklift certification programs in the cities of New Orleans and Chicago. These programs are to purposely include faults, such as safety misinformation and incompetent teaching. Civilians entering these programs are to have their backgrounds checked for previous forklift certification that was previously revoked. Subjects meeting these conditions are to be interviewed for possible information pertaining to SCP-4048-1 and then given Class-A amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: Regulations have been set in place by the administration of Helena, Kansas which forbid any body of water exceeding 10 m in depth. In the event any body of water in Helena exceeds this depth, the water is to be drained. Witnesses of SCP-4050-1 are to be administered Class A Amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4053 is to be contained in a secure room with two layers of airtight, opaque doors leading to a single point of entry; neither door is to be opened concurrently with the other. As an added precaution, SCP-4053 should not be visible from the entrance of its containment chamber. Class-D personnel who become instances of SCP-4053-2 are to be immediately terminated. Other personnel exposed to SCP-4053 should be quarantined for 192 hours or until an instance of SCP-4053-1 is produced in their likeness, at which point they should be quarantined indefinitely.
Special Containment Procedures: Three NES1 consoles modified to run SCP-4054 are to be kept for testing purposes. SCP-4054 is to be stored on-site in a secure locker. Access is limited to Level-3 personnel and above.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4055 is to be contained within a modified humanoid containment cell within Site-17. The entrance to SCP-4055’s cell must be replaced with a two door system. These doors may not be open within 6 seconds of each other in order to prevent escape. No fewer than two functioning thermal imaging cameras are to be situated within SCP-4055’s cell at all times. In the event of SCP-4055 being observed outside of its designated living quarters, the outer door is to be sealed until such time as SCP-4055 fully returns to containment. No communication is to be attempted outside of regulated testing.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation Personnel are to be stationed outside of SCP-4056 to amnestize any civilians who encounter the anomaly. Select humanoids within SCP-4056 have been transferred to be contained at Site-17 (See Addenum 4056.2 for details).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4057 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-19. Interaction is permitted for Level 3 researchers and higher.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation assets have been tasked with keeping libraries and other collections of physical literary materials worldwide below a threshold item count, above which SCP-4058 becomes audible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4062 is to be held within a standard canine containment kennel furnished with a large dog bed, food dish, water bowl, and dog toys. SCP-4062 is to be fed 600 grams of dry dog food and walked by its assigned handler daily.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4063 is to be housed in the former residence of Head Researcher Ambrose Cary, a farmhouse in rural Nova Scotia, hereby referred to as ACS1-Homestead. Due to the infohazardous properties of SCP-4063 the exact location of ACS-Homestead shall be known only to Head Researcher Cary. ACS-Homestead shall be equipped with a triple redundancy GPS and cellular dampening device. Transport to and from ACS-Homestead shall only be undertaken using a blacked out self-driving vehicle equipped with a similar GPS dampening device utilizing a random path algorithm in order to prevent passengers from determining route. The computer governing this vehicle’s navigation systems shall have no accessible output. Head Researcher Cary will be responsible for inputting navigation coordinates into a new vehicle system should this be necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Delta-9 ("Pest Exterminators") is to track and disrupt SCP-4067 events if possible. The task force is to be equipped with long-range incendiary weaponry and neutralize both SCP-4067-1 and -2 instances. MTF Gamma-5 ("Red Herrings") is to aid in cover-up of SCP-4067 events. Items left behind from events are to be collected and be kept in Artifact Storage Vault 12 of Site-42 for analysis.
Special Containment Procedures: Electronic and verbal communications of Fortune 500 companies will be monitored for any references to the phrase “a lovely little hotel in the Rockies”. Corporations flagged for this communication will be quarantined under the guise of epidemic prevention and all employees interviewed for the detection of SCP-4068. SCP-4068-1-A instances will be administered Class-C amnestics. SCP-4068-1-B instances will be terminated, and records of their employment history expunged.
Special Containment Procedures: Any autonomous automobile discovered to be converging upon SCP-4070-A is to be intercepted and shut down.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation web crawlers are to monitor the internet for reports of inconsistencies between documented events and human memories. Any documentation determined to be a SCP-4071-2 instance is to be immediately removed from circulation. Depending on the extent of the presence of SCP-4071-1 in each SCP-4071-2 instance, and how widely spread it has been, a new copy of the documentation without content of SCP-4071-1 instances may be created to replace the SCP-4071-2 instances.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation webcrawler B9G41 is to monitor online digital software distribution programs for instances of SCP-4072. Any and all instances are to be reported and/or removed immediately upon discovery. In the event SCP-4072 is downloaded onto devices not owned by the Foundation or any of its branches, Mobile Task Force Kappa 10, "Skynet" is to be dispatched immediately to administer amnestics and remove instances of SCP-4072 and SCP-4072-X from public custody.
Special Containment Procedures: All specimens of SCP-4074-2 are to be contained in the Botanical Section on Site-31. Access to each specimen is limited to Level 3 and above personnel, and is strictly for research purposes only.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4075-1 has been purchased by the Foundation. The site has been secured to prevent civilian entry; fences have been erected around the perimeter, with signs warning against entry on account of ongoing renovation.
Special Containment Procedure: SCP-4076 is to be kept in a standard Safe-class containment unit and is not to be played unless authorized by at least two researchers of level 2 clearance or higher for testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: All information related to SCP-4077 is to be maintained on redundant RAISA Onto/Temporal-Isolated Servers and encoded in the Solid Archive during the next write-accessible interval. Foundation historians are to monitor academic outlets specializing in history and literature for newly uncovered 4077-A narratives, which should be removed from circulation, archived, and replaced with approved forgeries.
Special Containment Procedures: All journals of mathematics and philosophy are to be screened by automated proof checking software to find instances of SCP-4079, focusing on articles regarding long-standing conjectures or disputed results, and articles that contradict previously established results. All instances of SCP-4079 found are to be censored and the corresponding papers retracted.
Special Containment Procedures: Broadcasts of SCP-4080 are to be intercepted and blocked from public viewing. All broadcasts are to be reviewed prior to being stored.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4081-1 is currently located at the Brighton Sports Gymnasium. No SCP-4081 events have occurred since 2/13/18. Surveillance of Brighton High School is no longer permitted at this time. The following Special Containment Procedures are no longer valid, but have been archived on this document for historical reference.
Special Containment Procedures: A recording station has been established at Site-64 for receiving and archiving SCP-4082 broadcasts, supported by a network of smaller receivers across the known area of SCP-4082's effects. Following each broadcast, Foundation information suppression teams are to monitor news media and internet forums (particularly those related to amateur radio) for possible discussion and move to counteract its spread if discovered. Administration of class-A or class-B amnestics, under the appropriate circumstances, is permitted. As the frequencies on which SCP-4082 can be received are rarely used by civilians, the risk of discovery is considered minimal.
Special Containment Procedures: All buildings containing known instances of SCP-4083 have been purchased by Foundation front companies. No instance of SCP-4083, nor any adjacent apartment is to be rented out. The entrance to each SCP-4083 is to be secured with a triple deadbolt lock, with keys available only to personnel Level 2 and above.
Special Containment Procedures: All landline phones still in use are to be monitored for the appearance of SCP-4084. Disinformation campaigns have been circulated globally, declaring the anomaly a standard error caused by the user’s microphone looping back into the phone’s earpiece.
Special Containment Procedures: The 11,000 square meter area surrounding SCP-4085 has been purchased by the Foundation and converted to Site-090. All civilian roads leading to or passing by Site-090 have been redirected.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4086 is to be fitted with a fish screen and monitored by Foundation personnel stationed at ██████████ Dam. On a monthly interval, no less than 908 kilograms of living biological material is to be dumped into SCP-4086. Any individuals attempting to enter SCP-4086 through either the intake or the outlet are to be apprehended and turned over to Federal Authorities to be charged with “trespassing on United States property”. Any biological research that is attempted within the ██████████ reservoir or the ██████████ river immediately after the dam is to be obtained by embedded Foundation personnel working within the Bureau of Reclamation for alteration of the biological statistics. No further explorations by human test subjects are permitted due to the dangerous nature of SCP-4086-1 and inability to retrieve test subjects from SCP-4086-1. Any growths of SCP-4086 that are discovered outside of its location at ██████████ Dam are to be sealed off immediately after discovery.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation assets embedded in European and American law enforcement agencies are to monitor ongoing homicide investigations for markers consistent with the use of an SCP-4087 instance. In the unlikely event that an additional instance is recovered, it is to be immersed in a cubic meter of concrete and transported to a deep geological repository for indefinite storage.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation operatives active in both para-dentistry and anomalous MLM (multi-level marketing) communities are to suppress knowledge of SCP-4089.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4090 is to be stored in a large Safe/Anomalous Item locker in Site-484. SCP-4090-3 is to be stored in an adjacent locker. Testing of SCP-4090-1 requires the permission of any Level 4 researcher. Testing involving SCP-4090-3 requires the permission of Research Director Dias.
Special Containment Procedures: Currently, Junior Researcher Shepherd is kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-25. An area with a radius of five meters around Junior Researcher Shepherd is to be monitored at all times. When SCP-4091-1 manifests, it is to be intercepted by Foundation security personnel and kept in containment until demanifestation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4092 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell. Due to the events of Incident 4092-1, SCP-4092 is to be kept under 24-hour active surveillance.
Special Containment Procedures: A team of ten researchers, aided by Foundation webcrawlers, is to regularly monitor online and televised media for mentions of SCP-4093. Any news broadcasts involving SCP-4093 that receive unusually high viewership or attention are to be documented and investigated for any anomalous individual or Group of Interest involvement. Locations frequently associated with SCP-4093 are to be evaluated yearly for any patterns of anomalous behavior exhibited by the civilian population.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4094 is to be contained within a standard reinforced steel container, submerged in a liquid oxygen pool inside at a constant temperature of 25 K. If SCP-4094 is to be removed, it is to be packed into a container of spent uranium from decommissioned fuel rods in a standard lead lined container. All materials that come into contact with active SCP-4094 instances are to be destroyed within 1-4 hours of their exposure. Removal of instances of SCP-4094 from Site 94 at any time is strictly prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4095 is kept in a filing cabinet in Site-73 and may be used freely by any Class 2 personnel with permission by any researcher having experience with SCP-4095. SCP-4095 is kept in a filing cabinet in Site-73 and may only be experimented on with Class-D subjects, or subjects who have cleared a complete psychological examination. Experimentation further requires written consent by two (2) senior researchers having prior experience with SCP-4095.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4097 has been disguised as a construction site for an upcoming drilling rig placed upon an underground oil reservoir. Despite several failed civilian attempts to gain access SCP-4097, no further physical containment has been deemed necessary. Satellite footage or pictures of SCP-4097 are to be reviewed and edited if need be.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4099 is contained in a locked carrying case in a standard secure Safe-Class locker in Site-76. The interior of SCP-4099's locker is outfitted with a laser light security alarm system to prevent theft or unauthorized testing of SCP-4099. Under no circumstance is SCP-4099 to be brought out of its vault.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the circumstances of its location and operation, SCP-4101 is to remain integrated into Site-25 and, as such, requires no extra security than would already be appropriate for a Foundation site. However, knowledge of the existence of SCP-4101 itself is restricted to Level 4/4101 clearance or higher, with the exception of any Foundation personnel cleared for work on the Ouroboros Protocol. Regular maintenance of all associated systems of SCP-4101 is to take place weekly, with an allowed delay of no more than 48 hours. If any malfunctions of any components of SCP-4101 or its subsystems are suspected or identified, especially of those systems that are crucial to its continued function, testing is to be immediately halted until repairs have been made.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its nature as a prominent fixture in New York City, it is impossible to remove or isolate SCP-4102.
SCP-4102 is monitored in an eight (8) block radius by MTF Gamma-5 ("Red Herrings") around pedestrian walkways leading to SCP-4012. Units are to be disguised as NYPD officers patrolling the area at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: As of Interview-4104-3, all remaining data on SCP-4104 is to be purged from the central database. An archive containing all previous iterations of SCP-4104's file is to be kept under the care of Senior Researcher Dr. Mǒqù Sen, which can be made available upon request.
Special Containment Procedures: All civilians are to be cleared from SCP-4105's active effect area once early warning signs are detected. These early warning signs will begin roughly 3 days before the SCP-4105 event and will continue until the event begins. Agents are authorized to use any means necessary to clear SCP-4105's active effect area, up to and including physical and chemical coercion. The following are to be considered early warning signs:
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: Two dozen copies of SCP-4107 have been embalmed and displayed in Site-14 for further study and comparison with future iterations. Any additional occurrences of SCP-4107 that are discovered should be analyzed for unique features and incinerated if none are found. Personnel are to use standard counterintelligence procedures when procuring remains from law enforcement.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4108-01, -02, -03, -05, -06 and -09 are kept in a reinforced greenhouse within Biological Research Site-104. The containment unit is coated in heat-resistant alloy, environmentally regulated to resemble subarctic climate and fitted with automated UV-light, air control, fertilization and ground watering. SCP-4108 specimens must be kept at least 5 m from each other and at least 1 m from the containment cell's inner walls. All specimens are required to have their designation and orientation painted on their trunk. SCP-4108 are not to be exposed to any kind of precipitation and/or wind speeds above 1.15 mph.
Special Containment Procedures: No instances of SCP-4111-1 may be created without Level-3 Authorization. Any existing instances of SCP-4111-1 not currently in use must be stored in a secure anomalous items locker, and is not to come in contact with a salt water solution, unless authorized for transport to SCP-4111.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4112 is to be kept in Site-120, Containment Wing A, Keter-class reality suppression locker 6B. No additional security for locker 6B is required, though staff should be aware of Containment Wing A's standard security precautions, which include, but are not limited to:
Special Containment Procedures: If encountered SCP-4113 is to be considered hostile. Capture of the object is of paramount importance given the potential utility of its anomalous technology to the fleet. No less than 3 Varuna class vessels must be utilized in capture of the object.
Special Containment Procedures: Each time SCP-4114 surrenders itself to Foundation custody, it is to be placed within a customized Level-6 Full Body Restraint with incorporated anti-thaumatological and reality anchoring countermeasures, held within a maximum security humanoid containment cell, and kept sedated when not needed for interviews or testing. SCP-4114 is to be affixed with a GPS locator as well as subjected to uninterrupted video surveillance so that it may be studied up until it breaches containment.
Special Containment Procedures: Personnel suffering from night terrors are to be monitored until the next confirmed report of SCP-4116. Any confirmed victims of SCP-4116 are to have any memories of the final dream in the sequence documented as accurately as possible. Civilian victims of SCP-4116 are to be amnesticized after documentation of the event.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4117 is currently stored in Storage Room 3 of Site-██, along with six adjustable-height chairs. Access to SCP-4117 for experimentation requires Level-2 clearance. SCP-4117 is to be cleaned twice weekly by research staff assigned to the object.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4118 is kept in a standard storage unit in Site K-40. All SCP-4118-1 instances are to be kept in an adjacent unit. Interaction with SCP-4118 instances is permitted. SCP-4118-2 are allowed to visit their imprinted instances, but are to maintain their daily routines, and not stay past their permitted time allocation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4119 is contained within a modified, blast-resistant cell within a Faraday cage. An internal cavity magnetron maintains a constant low-wattage stream of microwaves within the chamber; all internal surfaces are kept at a temperature of 50°C. The walls of SCP-4119's cell are equipped with rapidly oscillating motors, vibrating them continuously. SCP-4119 itself is kept inside a Level 2 Thermal Isolation suit.
Special Containment Procedures: D-Class personnel with moderate experience in animal handling have been assigned to carry out SCP-4120's care. For the purpose of SCP-4120's mental health until the point where it would be naturally retired, a diabetic D-Class (D-0412) has been assigned to live with SCP-4120 in a humanoid dormitory containment chamber, within Site-77. Foundation doctors are to independently monitor D-0412's condition to ensure that it is not terminated by SCP-4120 and to study any effect SCP-4120 may have.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4121 cannot be contained without causing a CK-class restructuring scenario or a ZK-class reality failure scenario. Public philosophical documentation or "theories" relating to SCP-4121 are to be suppressed monitored. Scientific confirmation of SCP-4121 is to be discredited or suppressed. Individuals responsible for public research into SCP-4121 are to be placed into Foundation employ or (if uncooperative) terminated. All research into SCP-4121 is to be confined to Site-Ω1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4122 is to be stored in a standard locked safe-deposit box. Access is restricted, requiring written permission from two Level 4 personnel.
Special Containment Procedure: SCP-4123 is to be kept in a standard containment unit in Site ██. All testing must have level 3 researcher approval as well as level 2 personnel with memetic training present. All personnel entering SCP-4123’s containment unit must remove any loose items prior to being anywhere within 1.2 m of 4123's vicinity.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4124 is to be kept in a storage locker at Site-22, and access is to be limited to Level 3 security personnel wearing Class B protective gloves and SCRAMBLE gear.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-4125 are to be kept within a single ventilated containment cell in Site-14, which is to be exempt from standard janitorial protocols. Whenever an instance of SCP-4125-1 manifests, the cell is to be provided with unlaundered articles of clothing, unwashed dishes and cutlery, as well as the equipment necessary to clean the aforementioned objects and the cell around them. These objects are to remain available for as long as an instance of SCP-4125-1 remains active.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4126 is to be neatly folded and stored in a standard anomalous object storage container with padding on its floor, ceiling, and walls. The object is currently being stored in Area-12, the area in which it was discovered. When sentience is gained, the object is allowed to roam the facility under supervision of at least one Foundation personnel. Due to concerns of the security precautions regarding its permission to roam the facility freely, SCP-4126-B has been restricted to staying within 3 meters (10 feet) of its supervisor, and may only roam for 2/3 of the time in which it maintains sentience. At least one Level-2 Foundation personnel must supervise SCP-4126-B and keep track of time. When its roaming period has expired, SCP-4126-B is to be escorted back to its containment chamber for its remaining time of sentience. This does not apply to the exceptions of its “haunting cycle” such as the week leading up to Halloween (See paragraph five of Description for more information). In the rare event in which SCP-4126-B refuses to comply with the commands of personnel, Halloween-themed candy, such as candy corn or bars of milk chocolate, are to be retrieved and used as a form of bait. A pea-sized tracking device has been sewn into its fabric in the events in which SCP-4126-A is taken without proper permission or lost. Dr. █████, the researcher who discovered SCP-4126, was voluntarily tasked with supervising SCP-4126-B.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4127 is to be kept on-site in a secure low-risk containment vault. Additional testing is prohibited at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4128 is to be held in a Humanoid Containment Cell. The cell should be modified to fit the following specifications:
Special Containment Procedures: Roads in the rural western United States are to be monitored by traffic cameras and Foundation satellites. Locations where SCP-4129 has appeared should be placed under heavy surveillance. Any and all reports of SCP-4129 appearing in an unnatural area, especially those of interest (see incident log below), are to be confiscated and a cover story is to be issued depending on the severity of the situation. No tracking devices are permitted within SCP-4129. A security camera outputting live-feed has been installed within SCP-4129 with the permission of SCP-4129-1. The footage must be monitored by Foundation personnel in order to determine the location of SCP-4129. If the instance is still present upon the arrival of Foundation personnel, they are required to order one (1) slice of turkey on wheat bread to-go. Due to the layout of SCP-4129, this specific request is the easiest for SCP-4129-1 to complete in a timely manner.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-4130 has been reassigned to the Sociedad De Registros De Hechos Fantásticos1. Due to the nature of the anomaly, no more action can be taken to directly affect it in the present. History records have been altered by past iterations of the Foundation extensively such that historic and educational consensus is that Antonio López De Santa Anna was a non-anomalous political figure in Mexico who lived between the years 1794 and 1876, and a separate entity from SCP-4130.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4132 is to be kept in a single secure room on Site 133. Testing of pre-human history events is to be performed only with the authorization and oversight of 1 Level 3 researcher. All testing of SCP-4132 is suspended until further notice. In the event of reinstatement of testing authorization, testing of events within 20000 years of the present day will remain denied. Foundation webcrawlers are to scan online shopping sites and flag any listings of products with qualities similar to SCP-4132.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4133 is to remain in a Safe Class storage locker at site 21. Only D-Class personnel involved with testing are permitted to have contact with SCP-4133. Personnel exposed to SCP-4133 are required to be administered Class A-Amnestics and undergo a psychological evaluation. Computers in use at site 21 are to have their search engines routinely monitored. Any searches involving combinations of the following words are to be flagged and reported.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation will cooperate with leaders of various French Resistance groups, as well as the Vichy government, to safely contain SCP-4134-1 instances within the city of Paris. Research is ongoing to determine the origin of SCP-4134 and contain or neutralise the anomaly, if at all possible.
SCP-4134-1 instances are to be contained in Foundation warehouse located at [DATA REDACTED] by members of ATF Sacre-2 ("Mimesweepers") using Procedure 4134-Harpo (see Document 4134-Harpo).
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Phi-71 ("Duck Hunt") is dedicated to the location and containment of SCP-4135-B instances that manifest. The "International Mallard Location Index" is designed to track the activity of any specific member of the family Anatidae. Containment of the SCP-4135-B instance is considered Priority One, and containment of the SCP-4135-A instance is considered Priority Seven. Once the SCP-4135-B instance is confirmed to be contained, the SCP-4135-A instance is to be administered amnestics and released into society.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4137 is stored at Site-201 Sector 2, serving as a task force training zone for operations in higher-dimensional regions. Personnel who enter must be accompanied by a minimum of one operative with experience in navigating four spatial axes. Buckle harnesses attached to a tension pulley system are to be worn as a mandatory safety precaution — further equipment will vary depending on training operation specifics.
Special Containment Procedures: The dual anomalies that constitute SCP-4138 cannot be contained, reproduced, or reversed by modern technology. Accordingly, information-suppression procedures have been enacted. All non-Foundation research into the origins of SCP-4138 is to be closely monitored and, if necessary, sabotaged. Any fossilized Saurosapiens progenitor skeletons recovered by non-Foundation paleontologists, whether on Earth or nearby planets, are to be immediately acquired, destroyed, or discredited.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4139 is to be kept in secure containment lockup with all SCP-4139-1/6 attached, at Site-45 outside of testing. The password to the combination lock affixed to SCP-4139 is restricted to level 2 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: An exclusion zone around the underwater entrance to the cave containing SCP-4140 is to be maintained, using the cover story that highly noise-sensitive hydroacoustic research is being performed nearby. All containment activities within this zone should be directed from aboard the Foundation-owned DSV2 Katlan, which has been designated mobile offshore base (MOB) "Topside". Members of MTF Omicron-5 "Skippers with Flippers"3 must be present to guide the transport of personnel into and out of the cave complex. Containment efforts inside the caves are to focus on preventing the further spread of SCP-4140-2 throughout the complex. Due to its destructive nature, personnel should avoid all contact with existing volumes of SCP-4140-2.
Special Containment Procedures: The door to SCP-4141 is to be locked permanently and monitored through a nearby security camera. All SCP-4141-2 instances are to be monitored at all possible times, and Foundation webcrawlers are to monitor social media/online messaging platforms for messages and behavior that indicate a possible SCP-4141-1 instance. All known SCP-4141-1 individuals should be contacted nightly to ensure mental stability and safety.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4142 instances are contained at Research Site-759 within a modified stellarator1 lined with graphite, capable of magnetic field strength exceeding 250 Tesla. Stellar emission from SCP-4142 is to be collected and diverted to auxiliary generators.
Special Containment Procedures: The development of neural networks by public and governmental agencies is to be monitored and altered as necessary to prevent the detection of SCP-4144.
Special Containment Procedures: Any business found to be offering SCP-4145 is to be shut down by MTF Psi-19 ("Dream Catchers"), with any owners or employees detained for questioning. Any found victims are to be treated with a mnestic regimen. Foundation Webcrawler "God's Eye" is to scan websites for advertisements or discussion relating to SCP-4145. Any found mention of SCP-4145 is to be removed as per standard policy.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the inherently uncontainable nature of SCP-4146, Foundation efforts are to be directed towards the suppression of any public knowledge of the anomalous effects of SCP-4146.
Special Containment Procedure: The area surrounding SCP-4148 has been cordoned off under the cover story of a dangerous spider infestation. SCP-4148-1 instances have not been seen leaving SCP-4148, and further containment procedures are not necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Eta-11 (“Savage Beasts”) should be dispatched to the location of any reported SCP-4150 instance and secure its source. Affected individuals should be contained and made to listen in full to the song “Penny Lane” by the Beatles. Low-level amnestics are to be administered to all present.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4151 is contained within Area-71. SCP-4151 is to be monitored by at least two guards equipped with light arms and Class A amnestics. Any human that appears in SCP-4151 is to be apprehended and given medical attention by on-site staff. Once they are deemed medically stable by the on-site staff, they are to be administered Class A amnestics and released.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4152 is contained in a standard Safe-class storage locker at Site-28. SCP-4152 testing is currently suspended.
Special Containment Procedures: MTF Iota-10 ("Damn Feds") is to monitor and investigate all reported sightings of SCP-4153 instances (with particular attention paid to sightings near or inside horror attractions). When found, these instances are to be apprehended and taken into Foundation custody.
Special Containment Procedures: 47 specimens of SCP-4155 are currently contained at Site-4155, which has been established around their natural habitat to monitor the population's health and restrict civilian access.
Special Containment Procedures: All observation and maintenance of SCP-4156 and its related anomalies is to be conducted from Site-98, located several kilometers below SCP-4156-1.
Special Containment Procedures: Any instances of SCP-4157-1 found in the public are to be confiscated and disposed of via incineration. If a civilian contacts the number listed on SCP-4157-1, all individual(s) are to be removed from the caller's place of residence under a feasible cover story based on the location of the incident. This is to occur until the SCP-4157-2 instance following the call manifests. Once the instance of SCP-4157-2 manifests, the agents are to dispatch and/or collect the SCP-4157-2 instance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4158 is to be kept in an 8 meter by 10-meter cell in the medium containment zone of Site-64. The cell is to be fitted with a 5-meter trough on the east wall of the cell. SCP-4158 is to be sheared of its excess mass and have its cell cleaned once every week unless a test is being conducted. X-rays are to be performed on SCP-4158 before and after shearing. The resulting meat is to be incinerated. SCP-4158 is to be fed a diet of raw beef, hay, wood, and bricks. Constant monitoring is not necessary, though SCP-4158 must be checked at a minimum of three times a day. In a scenario where growth can not be regulated the object class is to be reevaluated.
Special Containment Procedures: Public access to areas inhabited by SCP-4159 is to be heavily restricted between March and November under the guise of hooded plover bird nest re-introduction. These areas are to be monitored both remotely and by Foundation personnel posing as Parks Victoria rangers, and seaweed washed ashore is to be collected and incinerated daily. Populations of SCP-4159 are to be counted and monitored, with civilian inhabited areas nearby to be evacuated should significant numbers of SCP-4159 get too close and fail to be lured away or destroyed. Weather reports are to be monitored for storms at sea with a likelihood of bringing more specimens ashore.
A minimum of four specimens are to be kept contained within Site 40 for study, along with any notable specimens. Containment will be comprised of a standard wildlife containment cell with a steady supply of salt water.
Foundation personnel are advised not to come within 2 metres of SCP-4159 specimens, and to always work with partners to minimise the risk of injury.
Special Containment Procedures: As of 16/11/2025, SCP-4160 has been determined to have been neutralized following Incident 4160-23. No further containment efforts are deemed necessary at this time. Archived containment procedures have been included below.
Special Containment Procedures: A containment zone has been set up in Foundation-controlled waters off the coast of Mexico in order to prevent SCP-4162 from reaching civilized areas. Two D-Class operatives immobilized via restraints are to be present on small craft, one on each side of the containment zone, in order to serve as bait for SCP-4162 to ensure it does not roam outside of the containment zone. Once SCP-4162 has terminated one of these two personnel and begins targeting the other, the terminated individual is to be replaced immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: Standard humanoid acquisition protocols for SCP-4163 have been suspended due the high risk of triggering an "Amber Alert" missing child bulletin, an event that could result in undue scrutiny and potential exposure of clandestine Foundation activities. As the anomalous nature of SCP-4163 has been deemed to pose little or no risk to the wellbeing of the Foundation or humanity at large, Audubon Protocol in situ human containment has been implemented.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4164 is to be held in a secure Site-19 containment locker.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4165 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell with a hermetic airlock door. The airlock is to be equipped with an air-conditioning system and four extraction vents with remote activation. All mechanical parts are to be inspected weekly. In the case of SCP-4165-1 manifesting, it is to be let into the airlock, after which either an air-conditioning system or extraction vents are to be used depending on which physical state SCP-4165-1 is in.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4166-1 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell with the following modifications:
Special Containment Procedures: Living hosts of SCP-4167 are to be kept in a secure humanoid quarantine ward at Site 66. Social interaction between hosts is permitted, but physical contact should not be allowed - see Incident Report 4167-2. Hosts are likely to be compliant, but careful surveillance is required in case of attempted self-mutilation of the cranium. All equipment, personnel, and waste leaving the containment ward must be inspected and sanitised in accordance with Bio-Safety Level 4 standards.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4168-1 and SCP-4168-2 are to be kept in a humanoid containment cell modified for the cohabitation of two individuals in Site-17. SCP-4168 is to remain in the care of SCP-4168-1, except for testing purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: At this time, SCP-4169 is contained in Site-56, which is currently set up under the guise of a petroleum processing company. Access to SCP-4169 is restricted to level 2 personnel and higher.
MTF Echo-5 ("Sting Operation") are assigned to Site-56 to aid with containment.
Special Containment Procedures: Pending repairs to the Colorado High-Accuracy Neutrino Telescope (CHANT), the orbital position, Higgs Field density, and approximate νσ flux of SCP-4170 is to be monitored by the Large Dark Matter Array. At such time as the CHANT is returned to full functionality, translations of all νσ communications by SCP-4170 are to be recorded in both the SCP database and the Dark Body database, where SCP-4170 maintains a dual-entry as 2014DBI Miriam.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4171 is to be kept in its cell on Site 19, monitored by two guards and surveillance cameras designed to alert the HMCL supervisor if SCP-4171-1 lands with the obverse side facing up. Containment measures discovered alongside SCP-4171 are to be maintained until deemed unnecessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4172 is to be secured in a standard minimal-threat humanoid containment cell, and is to be provided with the standard nourishment and amenities befitting an adult human.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4176 events are to be prefaced to the civilian population as arms tests. Foundation agents planted in Adna are to administer amnestics upon an SCP-4176 event.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4177 manifestations are to be tracked and noted globally by Foundation agents embedded in any and all professions, and MTF Chi-9 ("Page Turners") are to be dispatched to remove the documents where possible. 200 instances are to be stored at Site-09, which specialises in the handling of anomalous documents, and any additional copies are to be incinerated on recovery. No Foundation personnel are to read SCP-4177 outside of testing.
Special Containment Procedures: As of recorded date 09/01/1998, all 19 retrieved instances of SCP-4178 (-1 to -19 respectively) are to be contained in vivariums no less than 10 m x 20 m, with small pools of water and a sandy substrate as interior. Male and female instances are to be contained separately to prevent further mating and the possible death of male instances. SCP-4178 specimens are to be only taken out of their vivarium's for testing purposes. SCP-4178-20 is kept in a standard containment locker with an internal temperature of -1°C.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4179 is to be used only within secure Foundation communication systems or in spoken conversation to other Foundation personnel. Class-D subjects are not cleared for SCP-4179. Stringent care to prevent its spread to the general population must be exercised, administering amnestics as pertinent. If procedure is breached in any way, administrative and disciplinary punishments will be applied at the discretion of the local SCP-4179 expert(s) on a case-by-case basis.
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance to SCP-4180 has been sealed off with concrete and camouflaged to resemble the surrounding rock, under the guise of structurally reinforcing the cave wall and preventing visitors from falling in. Standard passive surveillance protocols (CCTV monitoring, embedded agents) are presently believed to be sufficient for containment pending reassessment following the moratorium on exploration.
Special Containment Procedures: Though it is theorized SCP-4181-1 cannot leave SCP-4181, the noise created by its activities necessitates active containment. One D-Class personnel fluent in Spanish is to enter SCP-4181 on the last day of the month and enact Ritual 4181-a. Should this ritual fail, one personnel with experience in appeasing hostile entities via ritualistic interaction is to enter SCP-4181 and perform Ritual 4181-a instead. Agents embedded in the City of St. Louis Metropolitan Police Department may request enactment of Ritual 4181-a whenever SCP-4181 generates a noise complaint.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the impending extinction of humanity following the after-effects of Event Indigo, these procedures are to be undertaken automatically by experimental containment drones.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4184 is to be stored in a standard anomalous-items locker. No other containment is needed.
Special Containment Procedures: All roads leading to SCP-4187 are to be diverted away. SCP-4187-1 is to be fed 3 adult heifers daily, and SCP-4187-2 is to be monitored daily for food expulsion.
Special Containment Procedures: Satellite monitoring systems are to report any coral or geologic aberrations in the northern quarter of the Great Barrier Reef. Once SCP-4189 is precisely located, analog torpedoes are to be fired at it, with surviving SCP-4189 fragments recontained and brought to the nearest Site.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4191 is to be kept in a Class-B Containment Locker at Site-31.
Special Containment Procedures: All known instances of SCP-4193 are to be kept in a secure container at Site-23. Test subjects may only be administered more than one dose of SCP-4193 if due for termination or if a long-term humanoid containment cell is available.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4194 instances within Foundation possession are to be secured in standard avian containment enclosures. Eggs laid by SCP-4194 instances are to be frozen and held in storage.
Special Containment Procedures: The property surrounding SCP-4195 location has been purchased by the Foundation. Research Group Ibis-12 is to remain on site and maintain the property. All instances of SCP-4195 and SCP-4195-1 are to be recorded and sent to an anomalous objects vault at Site-81.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-4199 has a twofold focus: monitoring instances and keeping them alive. Direct containment has proven problematic in the past, and death of an instance has been shown to cause an immediate containment breach.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4200 has been successfully expunged from the historical record, due to the secretive nature of the Manhattan Project and extensive cooperation with the Foundation by the US government. Three individuals, all of whom were affected by SCP-4200, have been expunged from all records, and relatives to these individuals have been treated with Class-O amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: The town of Agloe, New York, and the surrounding 15km must be completely evacuated of all life and kept empty except for Foundation research bases. Any Foundation bases set up within a 15km radius of SCP-4201 must be built to withstand a nuclear detonation of at least 20kt. Contact with PoI-4201-A or PoI-4201-B is not allowed under any circumstances unless necessary to the survival of humanity.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4202 is to be placed within a containment chamber separated from all other rooms and corridors by a distance of no less than eight meters. Testing is to be conducted within SCP-4202's containment chamber as much as practical.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4206 is stored in a low-priority anomalous objects locker.
Special Containment Procedures: Videos uploaded to SCP-4208 prior to containment are scheduled for deletion 08/03/2018. Videos uploaded to SCP-4208 subsequent to containment are to be uploaded onto a secure hard-drive and deleted.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4211 is contained in a standard Safe-class locker. Class-W mnestics are suggested while working with SCP-4211 to mitigate the mild memetic hazards it possesses. Personnel documenting SCP-4211 are to be rotated on a monthly basis to prevent irreversible changes to cognitive function.
Special Containment Procedures:
SCP-4212 is to be stored in a concrete containment cell measuring six meters high, ten meters wide, and twenty-one meters across. A ballistic glass wall has been built two meters into the cell, to prevent researchers from having any further direct contact with SCP-4212.
Research on SCP-4212 must be done by two independent study groups, henceforth referred to as “Study Group A” and “Study Group B.” Study Group A consists of Doctor Atoz, Doctor ███████, Doctor ████, Junior Researcher ██████, and Agent ████. These personnel are allowed free experimentation on SCP-4212 within reason and are allowed to enter its containment cell at any time of day. Study Group B consists of Agent Mints, Detective Hawley, and Junior Researcher L’Engle. These personnel are strictly forbidden from any form of direct or indirect contact with SCP-4212 and must perform all of their research through secondary means, most prominently through interviews with Study Group A. No other Foundation personnel outside the O5 Council are allowed any interaction with SCP-4212.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4213's movements are to be monitored from outside audio-visual range by MTF Rho-4 ("The Neapolitans"). Following SCP-4213's departure from a location, all individuals who have interacted with the object are to be administered a Class-A amnestic.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4214-A and SCP-4214-B are to be kept in separate containment cells in Site 103. Each containment cell is to be under constant video surveillance. All personnel assigned to monitor SCP-4214 must be self-proclaimed atheists. Any personnel avowing devout faith in any religion attempting to enter either containment chamber are to be prevented by any means up to and including termination.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4216 is contained in a standard Small Containment Cell at Site-33. Access is limited to personnel with Clearance Level 3 4 and above. Personnel who have previously owned or cared for any breed of dog (Canis lupus familiaris) are to be barred from entering SCP-4216's cell to prevent accidentally triggering Δ-0G Events. Testing with SCP-4216 is strictly limited to D-Class personnel only. Personnel wishing to receive psychological support after testing may do so at Dr. Penn's office.
Object Class: Presumed Neutralized (Formerly Keter)
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation personnel are to liaise with UNOOSA1 and other government, corporate, and academic agencies pursuing the observation, exploration, and excavation of SCP-4220. Under Protocol EYES WIDE SHUT, the following provisions are to be met:
Special Containment Procedures: All houses adjacent to SCP-4221 have been purchased by the Foundation, and are to be maintained by Foundation personnel. Any civilians entering SCP-4221 are to be immediately detained and amnesticized as appropriate. All weapons and bladed instruments are to be kept out of view of SCP-4221-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4222 is to be contained and protected in its natural habitat. Foundation naval assets are to maintain a 5km zone of exclusion around the approximate location of SCP-4222. Civilian vessels approaching the zone are to be redirected using cover story SCP-4222-A ("rescue operation").
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4224 is permanently located within a specialized containment cell within Site-97. SCP-4224 is to remain within its life support system permanently, and electricity is to be continuously supplied to the cell. A backup generator is also installed and automatically activated in the event of main power failure. Medical staff must constantly monitor SCP-4224's homeostatic status; any deviation from nominal levels must be immediately corrected. Secreted Substance RJ-O1 "ROYAL JELLY" is collected in a secure vessel exterior to SCP-4224's chamber. This vessel, and by extension all SCP-4224 products, are considered Class-V extreme biological hazards.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4225 is to be kept in a standard reptile terrarrium at Site-66 and supplied with food, water, and veterinary care appropriate for a typical nonvenomous snake of its size. Only researchers whose first or last names start with "S" should interact with SCP-4225, so that transcription is possible. All of SCP-4225's shed skins are to be stored separately in a standard Safe-class locker. These skins may be accessed for study upon request.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4226 must remain in an enclosure with a minimum floor area of 5m2; one which both accommodates its physical dimensions and provides enough marginal space for the full and rapid deployment of MTF Eta-20 (“Blind Ingestion”). A lockable entrance such as a door or hatch is ideal for testing, but is not otherwise necessary is vital for the effective use of the artifact. Researchers must be relieved of all items which could fracture the object before entering the enclosure for testing are hereby barred from further interaction with the artifact, except in the extenuating circumstances specified in the Addendum.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4228-1 through SCP-4228-7 will be held in a high-security storage vault at Site-45. Testing of SCP-4228 has been suspended indefinitely.
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Barbed metal fencing is to be constructed in a 6 meter circular formation around SCP-4230-1’s activation point, as SCP-4230 is immobile and cannot be relocated without retaining severe damage. Instances of SCP-4230-A outside of SCP-4230’s radius are to be melted down and/or destroyed within 72 hours. Instances of SCP-4230-A within SCP-4230’s radius are to be destroyed using long-range objects or weapons within this same time span. Foundation medical researchers are currently developing a cure for SCP-4230-1.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation webcrawler I/O GILDED GADUS has been created to analyze images and documents of crustacean anart and determine if pieces are the result of SCP-4232. Foundation agents stationed within Nanaimo are tasked with preventing the spread of SCP-4232 via disinformation, covert destruction of artwork, and amnestics if necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4235 is stored in a granite-coated container at Site-34 outdoor facilities. The vase holding the object is to be watered and checked for structural damage weekly. Any signs of structural disrepair are to be reported to the appropriate personnel immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: Individual instances or small groups of SCP-4238-1 not in containment areas are to be incinerated. Any SCP-4238-2 instance that is in a containment area must have their spleen and their teeth removed. Any instances of SCP-4238-2 that is found attempting to escape, or found outside of containment, is to be dispatched without drawing blood and incinerated. If it is discovered in an urban or suburban area, class B amnestics are to be given to all witnesses.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation web-crawlers are to pull any material mentioning SCP-4240 which surfaces online. Any individuals found to be posting such materials are to be brought into custody, interviewed, and administered amnestics as appropriate.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the scarcity of information regarding the nature and capabilities of SCP-4241, effective containment procedures have not yet been developed. Research is ongoing.
Special Containment Procedures: Public access to the site of SCP-4242 must remain unrestricted. Only the lower labyrinth chamber is to be restricted to Foundation personnel. A secondary labyrinth can be made available to the public in a different area of the SCP-4242 grounds.
Special Containment Procedures: A barrier has been constructed 100m around SCP-4243's perimeter. SCP-4243 is to be constantly monitored for breaches in its wall. Standard disinformation, aircraft redirection, and satellite imagery doctoring protocols apply. During explorations of SCP-4243, no personnel are to enter the basements of houses unless specifically ordered to by the Head Researcher. SCP-4243-A instances are kept in BSL-3 compliant Humanoid Containment Cells at Site-234 for study.
Special Containment Procedures: Confirmed or suspected instances of SCP-4244 events in progress are to be attended to immediately by emergency response teams, and social media networks and internet forums are to be monitored by I/O-THESTORM for mentions of mass cannibalism and group violence at music events. Individuals confirmed to have attended SCP-4244 events are to be amnesticised, and any videos of the event are to be removed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4245 is to be stored in a standard containment locker at Site-30. Readings of the object are to be recorded twice daily, using instruments capable of appropriate magnification where needed, and any unexpected changes in reading are to be reported to the Ethics Committee for further investigation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4247's file must be continuously read by personnel at a minimum of two different sites. Readers may not take amnestics unless another reader is confirmed to be active. All copies of SCP-4247's file must be checked thoroughly against the original by no less than two members of the SCP-4247 containment and research team. Copies not used for containment purposes must be clearly marked as a reference copy. SCP-4247's file or any copy thereof must not be changed from the original without the approval of the SCP-4247 lead researcher, a containment specialist, and an infohazard specialist not part of the SCP-4247 team in the previous six months. A copy of these containment procedures must be kept separately from the main SCP-4247 file. Any physical copy of SCP-4247 must be kept attached to a hazel clipboard with a silver clip with iron screws while soft copies' storage devices must be kept in a box constructed using these materials. If SCP-4247 is not read for greater than sixty minutes, a containment breach will be declared.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4248 is to be stored in a completely opaque anomalous item locker. This locker may only be opened with written permission from the on-duty site HMCL supervisor or the Project Head. Reading SCP-4248 aloud is forbidden.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4250 is to be housed within the E Wing of Site-64 in a standard Euclid Object containment unit. Approval for testing SCP-4250-1 through SCP-4250-61 SCP-4250-5 must be granted by the Assistant Director of Research while tests involving SCP-4250-6 must be approved by Site Director Holman.
Special Containment Procedures: A Stationary Task Force is to prevent entry into the area by patrolling the perimeter. Any individuals approaching the area are to be told that it is closed off for conservation efforts. Gravitational readings within SCP-4251 are to be monitored regularly via a gravimeter placed at its epicenter. Any uncharacteristic fluctuations are to be investigated immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4253 is to be contained within a standard holding cell. Under no circumstances are personnel allowed to enter SCP-4253's containment chamber without full body protective gear. Containment units are to be cleaned tri-monthly and should be guarded by no less than four (4) armed security personnel at a time.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the inconsistent and widespread range of SCP-4254 manifestations, containment efforts are to focus on information control and amnestic application rather than physical apprehension. Foundation watch teams are to maintain observation of past SCP-4254 manifestation locations, as well as the Graceland mansion in Memphis, Tennessee.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the widespread knowledge of the base anomalous properties of SCP-4255, it has been given the secondary classification of a Cracked-Veil Uncontained anomaly. In order to suppress further information of SCP-4255, Procedure-Yule-02 has been created. Procedure-Yule-02 occurs as follows:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4256 is contained in Wing B of Site-19's production area. Spare parts and tools relevant to the maintenance of SCP-4256 are kept in a specifically marked container. Use of the object is restricted to personnel trained in the operation of AutoVariable printing presses. Assignments for SCP-4256 are to be given to personnel with sub-60 scores on Foundation Loyalty Examinations, or with a history of continuous code violations.
Special Containment Procedures: Nine of the 15 known instances of SCP-4257 are kept in a secure container at Site-81. The six instances not in containment are currently in low-earth orbit with an expected reentry date of 2041/10/10. Testing of SCP-4257 on human subjects requires approval from the Ethics Committee and the Department of Orbital Objects Tracking (DOOT).
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4261 is to be kept in a locked box with Class-VIII thaumaturgic seals within the Safe wing of Site-77 under the oversight of the Office of Strategic & Tactical Theology, with no fewer than seven active Scranton Reality Anchors surrounding the container. It is under MEGIDDO precautions at all times. Per the terms of Foundation-HI JOA 2-63, three members of the Sons of Shammai and three Foundation employees of verified Abrahamic faith are to be on standby in an adjacent room at all times as preparation for possible use of SCP-4261.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation is to ensure the International Olympic Committee organizes an instance of the Summer Olympic Games once every four years by any means necessary. Likewise, an arbitrary amount of Olympic events is to be added each year to ensure a successful ELEIA event1. During an ELEIA event, all competitors in that instance of the Summer Olympic Games who were awarded a gold medal2 are considered members of Mobile Task Force Omega-14 ("Perfect Ten"), regardless of prior Foundation employment or lack thereof. If a member of MTF Omega-14 were to be KIA or otherwise rendered irretrievable during an ELEIA event, a misinformation campaign stating that they have retired is employed. In instances where a lost athlete's identity is too deeply ingrained in popular culture or public knowledge, wide scale Class A amnestic compounds are to be employed to all major population centers via airborne distribution if no other options of erasure are viable. It is imperative that as many ELEIA events as possible be successfully completed before Procedure 76-Thriambus is enacted.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4263 is to be housed in a humanoid containment chamber located at Site-36. This containment chamber is to be equipped with a Scranton Reality Anchor and kept under guard by at least two security personnel at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4265 is kept in a standard reptilian enclosure modified to include a film projector and accompanying screen. SCP-4265 is to be shown a new motion picture on a bi-weekly basis. SCP-4265 is to be monitored during the screening to ensure it is maintaining interest in the film. If SCP-4265 shows no interest in the motion picture for the first twelve minutes of screening, it is to be removed and replaced with another.
Special Containment Procedures: When not being tested, SCP-4268's remains are placed in a secured letter box located within Cold Storage Chamber 198D at Site-1. Property owned by the Montero estate has since been seized and resold after testing was completed on the object.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4269 instances are to be contained in a standard anomalous item locker. Any instances of SCP-4269 are to be washed and disinfected thoroughly before and after any experimentation.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the immobile nature of the anomaly, the exclusion zone surrounding SCP-4271 is to be closely monitored for any changes in temperature and kept away from public eye. Provisional Research Site-08 are to make adjustments to the zone of exclusion due to SCP-4271's growing territory. At this time, research into slowing or stopping SCP-4271's growth is considered top priority.
Special Containment Procedures: A Gorton Field Generator1 is to be installed in all major art museums.2 The current YouTube algorithm is to be edited to suppress the channel "Big Johnny Reviews" and all content within from appearing in the sidebar of recommended videos. All works of art taken by SCP-4272 are to be considered lost, and replacements are to be fabricated to take their place. Foundation agents embedded within art museums are to be given fast-acting tranquilizer pistols for potential use in containing SCP-4272.
Special Containment Procedures: No containment procedures are necessary for SCP-4274 or SCP-4274-2.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4275 is to remain at its current location. An exclusion zone of 200m radius is to be established with warning buoys and underwater surveillance. Monitoring is to be handled by a liaison within the Port Authority. Embedded assets in the nearby Coast Guard station can be called in should a cascade event result in an instance of SCP-4275-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4277-1 instances are to be housed in a secure greenhouse at Site-103. To promote healthy growth, SCP-4277-1 are to be supplied with appropriate metal salts (see document 4277-4, available on request). Any instances of SCP-4277-2 harvested are to be catalogued and stored for future study. Discharge of SCP-4277-2 should take place in a sealed indoor firing range, with decontamination of the firing range after testing to prevent unintentional release of SCP-4277-2 spores to the environment. SCP-4277 cultivation centres outside of Foundation custody should be neutralised with the utmost urgency. All SCP-4277-1 instances that cannot be taken into containment during neutralisation are to be destroyed on-site. Any sites where SCP-4277-1 has been cultivated or sites where SCP-4277-2 has been discharged outside of containment should be monitored annually for signs of SCP-4277-1 growth.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the transient nature of SCP-4278, permanent physical containment is not possible.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4279 is kept disassembled in an anomalous item storage vault at the high-energy physics lab of Site-33. Alteration to a component of SCP-4279 before assembly requires approval from site command. Testing of a reassembled SCP-4279 must be conducted at an off-site explosives testing range and activated remotely. All items produced by SCP-4279 are to be contained and disposed of in accordance to standard procedures for radioactive waste.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4280 is to be contained in Locker-1987 in Site-83. Excluding the circumstance of testing, access to Locker-1987 is prohibited to all personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: The room containing SCP-4281 should remain locked and marked with an "out of service" sign. Unauthorized individuals found trespassing within this area are to be questioned, then given Class-A amnestics. Two security personnel will remain on site at all times, posing as casino staff. Communication with SCP-4281-1 is forbidden outside of approved testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4282 is to be stored in a standard secure weapon locker at Site-68. The care and maintenance procedures for SCP-4282 are identical to any non-anomalous black powder cap-and-ball firearm. Testing of SCP-4282 must be authorized by a Level-3 researcher or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its impermeable nature, SCP-4283 cannot be contained with any currently available technology. Instead, most Foundation efforts will be focused on controlling knowledge regarding SCP-4283 by spreading disinformation, cooperating with local authorities, and closely monitoring activity on, in, and around Lake Ouachita.
Special Containment Procedures: Until there is clear evidence that a natural population no longer exists, SCP-4284 specimens are to be actively hunted and captured using any means necessary. MTF Lambda-37 "Tower Power" has been assigned to all duties involving the eradication, capture and containment of SCP-4284 instances at Site-231.
Special Containment Procedures: All recordings or images of SCP-4286 are to be confiscated. Those who have viewed any media containing SCP-4286 are to be administered Class-B amnestics. Individuals implanted with SCP-4286-1 are to be administered targeted Class-C amnestics and are to visit a Foundation assigned medical professional for monthly examinations.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4287 is permitted one primary resting berth in the Site-48 secondary breakroom, and allowed a daily allotment of assorted prepackaged snack foods and fresh fruits from the adjacent cafeteria. Each afternoon, SCP-4287 is to be provided with one cosmopolitan1 cocktail.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4288 is inherently self-containing, and the effects are not noticeably anomalous to the public. Information on SCP-4288 has been naturally obscured by individuals with knowledge of SCP-4288. The Department of Miscommunications is in charge of direct management of SCP-4288, if required. One individual from the DoMC is to have specific knowledge of SCP-4288 at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-89 has been established 52km due west of Tennant Creek, Australia for the containment of SCP-4289, and is to maintain the public facade of a research institute for the conservation of native fauna endangered by human habitation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4292 has been placed into Low-Priority Medical Storage at Site-66. Due to the limited supply and unpredictable effects of SCP-4292, testing may only be conducted with joint-approval of Site-66's Director, Chief Containment Specialist, and Ethics Committee Liason.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2943-A is currently within the boundaries of Site-51. A digital display showing the current date and time is to be kept within visible range of this manifestation point at all times. A timer counting down until precisely 8,640 minutes have elapsed since the previous SCP-2943 manifestation is to be kept running at all times, and reset as required. Tests conducted with any SCP-2943 instances are to be catalogued in the SCP-2943 Testing Log.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4295 is to be contained within a standard anomalous objects vault. All tests performed on SCP-4295 must be approved by the current project lead.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4296 is to be contained in a chamber located at Site-██. This chamber is to be kept under guard by two members of security personnel. Any additional instructions relating to SCP-4296 will be given by Dr. Henry Woods of the Pataphysics Department.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4298-A must be positioned in the middle of an appropriately sized containment cell, and is to be closed every day at 3:32 PM, local time. Only level 2 or higher foundation staff are allowed to enter SCP-4298-A when it is active, if given permission by the Project Director Dr. Romagnoli.
No experiments are to be taken place without supervision of the Project Director, Researcher Luciana Amati or Field Researcher Dr. Robin Texas Walker.
Special Containment Procedures: A greenhouse has been constructed around the garden occupied by SCP-4299 and a 50m2 area surrounding the structure has been blocked from civilian access. General maintenance of the garden and the greenhouse are to be carried out as needed by specially trained Level-2 Personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: The area around SCP-4300 has been disguised as an archaeological dig site, and is to be monitored by an approved Foundation security contractor. Persons attempting to breach the containment area are to be detained and questioned before release.
Special Containment Procedures: The container for SCP-4302 is located within Site-812. It is to be constructed out of plywood and polyurethane foam, and must measure exactly 35 meters by 70 meters. This is despite the fact that such a container already exists. The entire site is to be lined with Standard Xyank-Stevensohn Reversal Manifestors; SRAs have no effect.
Special Containment Procedures: One instance of SCP-4303 is contained within a storage locker onboard Mobile Site █, which must maintain a minimum velocity of 2 m/s. An active radio transmitter is to be placed within the storage locker, and any deviation in signal requires a manual inspection by D-class personnel. Should alterations in local materials be identified, affected parts must be replaced and either disposed of or requisitioned for study using the attached protocol.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4306 is to remain employed at Site-47 for as long as it remains cooperative. SCP-4306's living area is to be a sparsely furnished room built adjacent to MSC-231.
Special Containment Procedures:
SCP-4307 instances are kept in a reinforced aquatic containment chamber filled with water treated to replicate the Barents Sea. One side of each chamber wall is to be coated with a lead plating, and X-ray emitters are to be installed in 2 corners of the chamber with the purpose of being activated once a week to feed the SCP-4307 colony. Vegetation inside the chamber is to be maintained once every three weeks by Class-D personnel equipped with reinforced diving suits.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4308 is contained in a storage locker in Hall C at Site-19. SCP-4308 is not to be taken out of containment for testing without prior approval from a personnel of class 4 security clearance or higher. All individuals involved in testing for SCP-4308 must have a psychological examination prior to taking place in testing.
Special Containment Procedures: All SCP-4309 instances are to be contained at their original location of discovery, which is to be restored so as to resemble a private residence with inconspicuous security measures. The basement entrance is to be secured by a standard steel door, with the basement's original windows being sealed by steel shutters.
Special Containment Procedures: One instance of SCP-4310 is to be kept within an alligator enclosure with a soil culture that mimics that of Great Britain's temperate forests. Once per week, five live piglets are to be dropped into the enclosure.
Special Containment Procedures: As there is currently no known method of containing or preventing SCP-4312, efforts are to be focused on preventing the spread of information about SCP-4312. Online communications are to be monitored for instances of SCP-4312, and any civilian demonstrating knowledge of SCP-4312 is to be administered a textual amnestic. Suppression and removal of civilian evidence of SCP-4312 is considered a Level 2 priority.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4314 is extremely well known and necessary for many mathematical operations, and therefore cannot be fully contained. This is no cause for alarm, however, as its anomalous properties are not observable until the ██████████████████th digit.
Special Containment Procedures: Providence is to be constantly monitored by Mobile Task Force Pi-1 ("City Slickers") for possible manifestations of SCP-4315. Should an SCP-4315 manifestation occur, the 4315 Joint Task Force1 is to be deployed with the intent to secure the perimeter of the manifestation and enter into SCP-4315-1 to add a stronger Foundation presence.
Object Class: To be decided
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4323 positive invertebrates may be contained by any sufficiently equipped biological containment facility. Other SCP-4323 positive non-human animals are to be euthanised and incinerated. SCP-4323 positive plant matter is to be incinerated. No experiments are to be performed on SCP-4323 positive material without express permission of a majority of the O5 council.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-4324 are to be secured by MTF Xi-12 ("Holy Chalice") and brought to Standard Secure Lockers 5298 through 5324 at Site-66.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation web crawlers are to search internet forums and social media sites for accounts of SCP-4325 and its effects. If an individual is found to have been afflicted with SCP-4325, they are to be located and sent to a Foundation quarantine facility, with staff to record the individual's symptoms and to check if SCP-4325 is present in their retina. If the symptom is unique enough to be classed as a variation of SCP-4325, it is to be recorded in Log-4325-A.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-4328 has been constructed around SCP-4328, with the purpose of studying organisms and objects originating from SCP-4328. It is to be monitored by at least 4 guards at any time.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4329-A is publicly listed as a communal property belonging to the ‘Escerpan’s Church of Saints’ sect.1
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4332 is kept within a designated pasture on Site-11's grounds. SCP-4332 requires no further care beyond that provided for non-anomalous members of its species.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4334 is to be indefinitely closed to the public. The former park office, located at the entrance to SCP-4334, has been converted into Provisional Site-133 for the purpose of housing research and security personnel. Security cameras have been stationed around the perimeter of SCP-4334. Site-133 personnel are to administer Class-A amnestics to any civilians attempting to trespass within SCP-4334. The Anomalous Communication Scrambling Network (ACSN) is to be utilized in intercepting and deleting messages sent by SCP-4334-1.
Special Containment Procedures: The server in which SCP-4335 is contained has had its original inhabitants removed and amnesticized, and Site-M1 has been constructed at SCP-4335's location. Site-M1 consists of:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4336 is to be maintained submerged in a chemical bath, the temperature and solution concentrations of which are to be maintained in accordance with Document FSV406-A. At all times, SCP-4336 is to be connected to a functioning Mark XI Ling-Tainter Device, with electro-stimulation needles being positioned and maintained according to the protocol detailed in Document FSV406-B, and is to be monitored by at least one medical professional. The bath and appurtenant equipment are to be contained in a Class III Humanoid (Supine) intensive care sarcophagus, which is presently located at Site-20 in a sub-basement of the James A. Garfield Memorial located at 12316 Euclid Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio. While the Memorial is open to the public, access to Site-20 is restricted.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4337 is to be stored in a standard containment locker at Site-59. Testing through Procedure 10-Inti may be carried out through an application to the site director, Dr. Lisle Naismith. Blank applications may be found at the Site-59 safe wing receptionist's desk. Test subjects may only be pulled from available D-class personnel that have been scheduled for termination.
Special Containment Procedures: No Foundation personnel belonging to the biological kingdom Animalia are to enter the town of Grantsfield. A Class-III Biohazard Quarantine Unit (Unit Alpha) has been erected around the town as to completely isolate it and any non-animal waste matter within from entering the surrounding environment. Provisional Site-4341 has been constructed around the unit and is adjoined to it. SCP-4341-A instances that approach the interior perimeter of Unit Alpha will be terminated by AI-operated turrets, using bullets containing HCl capsules that burst on impact. Audiovisual monitoring equipment has been established by Remote Control Vehicles (RCVs) in all areas of Grantsfield except for the town center.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4342 is to be contained in a secure storage locker located at Site-22 Site-44. Any individuals who wish to perform testing upon SCP-4342 are free to do so.
Special Containment Procedures: The surrounding area of the spatial anomaly is to be guarded by Armed Site 4343 to prevent unauthorized entries, and lethal force is allowed if deemed necessary. Any damage to the building that constrains SCP-4343 must be prevented at all costs, with the exception of CODENAME PARADISE LOST being executed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4344 currently requires no direct containment. Satellite images of SCP-4344 are to be altered appropriately. Should SCP-4344 closely approach another asteroid, astronomical assets are to enact suitable disinformation procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: The building housing SCP-4346 has been purchased by a Foundation front company and allowed to continue normal operations. The original entrance to SCP-4346 has been walled off. Access to SCP-4346 is now available via a second nearby Foundation holding.
Special Containment Procedures: The building containing SCP-4348 has been acquired by Foundation assets. All entrances into SCP-4348 are to be padlocked, and a sign stating "WE'RE CLOSED" is to be hung on the front door. These containment procedures have proven effective due to SCP-4348's benign nature, therefore no further containment measures are to be put into place.
Special Containment Procedures: As of 5/13/2010, the containment procedures regarding SCP-4350 instances have been discontinued. The following containment procedures have been archived for historical reference.
Special Containment Procedures: A single agent is to reside within SCP-4351 for containment purposes. The adjacent lot has been purchased by a Foundation shell company, serving as a surveillance and security post. Four security officers must remain on site, posing as civilians. Guards are to have a registry of all -A instances.
Special Containment Procedures: Not recorded, location unknown.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4356 has been purchased by the Foundation and is being used as an MTF outpost and monitoring facility.
Special Containment Procedures: The land comprising SCP-4358 has been purchased through Foundation shell corporations and is currently camouflaged as a power substation within the Iseult Park metroparks. SCP-4358 is surrounded with a barbed wire fence and inspected on a daily basis by containment officers. Only individuals maintaining a successful long-distance romantic relationship are stationed to contain SCP-4358. Containment officers will engage in mandatory monthly couple's therapy. Cessation of this relationship will result in a transfer without punitive action being taken.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4359 is to be kept in Safe-class Anomalous Locker 31 at Site-47. Requests for testing must be submitted to Site Director Dr. Parrish.
Special Containment Procedures: The forest within which SCP-4360 is located is to be patrolled by no more than two guards disguised as forest rangers. Should any civilians attempt to come within 10 meters of SCP-4360, they are to be turned away by the guards under the cover story of an endangered species nesting in the area.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4361's potential to reveal or retain sensitive and classified information is reliably contained at Site-15 by ambly.OP.ia, an autonomous software-based protocol.1
Special Containment Procedures: Several devices that incorporate SCP-4362 have been stored at Site-95 for study. Otherwise, embedded Foundation assets are working with military organizations to ensure that equipment compatible with, reliant on, or comprised of SCP-4362 is decommissioned and destroyed. No further attempt to develop this technology is to be made.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4363 and three of its copies (two on vinyl records and one digitized on a DVD) are to be stored in a standard Safe-class containment locker. Any experiments involving placing subjects into SCP-4363-A or transferring SCP-4363 to other information carriers are to be preliminarily agreed with the object's curator.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4364 is to be held in a standard humanoid containment chamber on a medical bed. Daily nutritional supplements are to be administered via IV drip. Any and all food requested by SCP-4364 is to be provided immediately.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4365 is to be contained behind an electrical fence and patrolled by security personnel at all times. Any individuals attempting to gain access to SCP-4365 are to be apprehended, interrogated and administered amnestics as appropriate for their level of exposure and knowledge. Standard cover 'Condemned Building' is in effect.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the social nature of SCP-4366, instances in the wild are to remain in the forests of Reykjavík, Iceland and have reduced social interaction beyond its own species. A field of exclusion, disguised as a strict No-Hunting nature reserve, has been set up surrounding the Elliðaárdalur valley.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4368 is suspended within a zero-gravity cage inside a Site-64 storage locker.
Special Containment Procedures: All roads and pathways leading to SCP-4370 have been redirected to the entrance to Bitterroot National Forest. Barbed metal fencing has been constructed in a rectangular formation around SCP-4370 to ensure interaction is not possible. Area-92 has been constructed within an opposing hill to oversee SCP-4370. Interaction of any kind with SCP-4370 is to be first approved by Senior Researcher ███████. As of Exploration 4370-1, permission to enter SCP-4370-1 is to be strictly reserved for the following task forces.
Special Containment Procedures: Special containment procedures have been updated following 2020/08/25 (See Addendum 4373-2). The total global population of the infraorder Cetacea1 is to be kept below 70 million. The Foundation is to support continued commercial whaling of these species in order to prevent population levels from approaching this threshold. Any instances of SCP-4373-1 located by ocean-based Mobile Task Forces are to be tagged with a GPS tracking device for study of migratory patterns or brought into Foundation custody for testing. All SCP-4373-1 instances are to be terminated after testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4374 is kept in a secure storage locker at Site-15. Foundation personnel are not permitted access without research authorization.
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4377 is currently uncontained. Multiple Foundation personnel are permanently engaged in direct combat nearby, and are currently attempting to direct it into uninhabited areas of woodland. A unit of MTF Upsilon-Peorð ("Slings and Arrows")1 has been instructed to maintain a safe distance, divert civilians away from the entity, and attempt to block it from public view by means of WPSEP2 generators and conventional camouflage.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: The remaining instance of SCP-4380 is currently held in Site-04 for testing purposes. SCP-4380-2 and any spawn are enclosed within a Class II reinforced glass dome and are to remain illuminated at levels between 1,000 to 2,000 lux at any given moment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4383 is contained in a burial chamber within Shiramine Shrine in Kamigyō-Ku, Kyoto. Two undercover Foundation Agents are to be posted inside the burial chamber's foyer. Unless Onryō Protocol is being enacted the chamber is not to be opened.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation phone crawlers are to monitor North American phone lines to find manifestations of SCP-4385. If SCP-4385 is confirmed, MTF Pi-1 ("City Slickers") are to be deployed to the location of the call and determine the situation.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4387 is to be kept in secure storage locker 56 at Site-73. All testing must be authorized beforehand by a Foundation operative with a level 3 or higher security clearance. Testing time and human resources used are not to exceed beyond the authorized parameters set by the experiment's procedures and goals. Any deviation from these pre-established parameters are to be reported to the Head Researcher of the project. In the case that these deviations are attributed to the Head Researcher, they are to be reported to the Ethics Committee.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4388 is to be kept in a sealed cryogenic vault at Site-11. The containment unit must be shielded from the full spectrum of electromagnetic signals. The vault must be outfitted with shock-dampeners to alleviate seismic tremors (refer to Addendum-002 for details). Monitoring equipment inside the containment chamber is not permitted; powerful signal emissions must be avoided near SCP-4388.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation agents are to monitor for SCP-4389 presence through fronts such as salons and cosmetics stores. Insecticide 4389-X has been developed and introduced into the formulas of shampoos, cosmetics, and skincare products to curb SCP-4389's spread in affected areas. Foundation agents posing as dermatologists are to explain the resulting dead SCP-4389 instances as a new type of skin disease, and remove them accordingly.
Special Containment Procedures: Intersection Events occur within Depth Zone 10 of the Marianas Trench, epicenter positioned in the peripheral vision of all personnel stationed at Outpost STYGIA. Any form of physical containment for the events or the Periapsis itself is existentially impossible. No timing is necessary for monitoring Intersections — the dates are simply Known.
Special Containment Procedures: All personnel stationed at Site-26 are to be aware of the location and properties of SCP-4392. Signs reminding staff of SCP-4392 and its properties should be positioned in any hallway featuring an entrance into SCP-4392, with particular emphasis near said entrances.
Special Containment Procedures: The current supply of SCP-4394-A is stored in sterile 200-liter drums.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4397 is to be contained in a soundproof locker located at Armed Site 53. Site 53 is equipped with a greater number of armed personnel in order to prevent incursions by hostile forces. The locker of SCP-4397 in particular is to be guarded with several ritualistic shields1 in order to prevent members of GoI-301 from influencing SCP-4397 in any way.
Special Containment Procedure: SCP-4398 is to be contained in a standard animal enclosure appropriate for its size, and provided with food, water and clean soil according to the basic needs of a non-anomalous tortoise.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4399 instances are to be quarantined from the public for the duration of their manifestation period. All personnel involved in locating and quarantining an SCP-4399 instance are to be considered instances of SCP-4399-1, and are to be interviewed regularly until expiration.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-4402 are to be stored in a large Standard Containment Chamber at Site-92. If small enough, instances are to be stored in individual safes. All guards assigned to SCP-4402 are to take 100 mg of Class-H (Anterograde) amnestics every 24 hours. Individuals affected by SCP-4402 are to be anesthetized until affected tissue can be surgically removed and contained.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4403-1 is to be kept in a maximum security vault at Site-11. Due an ongoing attempt by members of Silent Crusade (Assigned GoI-4403) to recover SCP-4403-1, SCP-4403’s containment vault is built to specifications that are compliant with requirements for a class IX shelter.2 Furthermore, following several espionage attempts on Foundation personnel with access to SCP-4403-1’s containment information by members of GoI-4403, Protocol Iron Sheaf3and Protocol Blank Check4 has been enacted for all documents/personnel related to SCP-4403-1's containment. MTF Mu-32 (Janissaries)5 have been assigned to Site-11 to safeguard and repel any attempts from armed members of The Silent Crusade to reclaim SCP-4403-1.
Special Containment Procedures: A list of substances that can produce SCP-4404 (designated 4404-Variant-1, -2, etc.) is kept on file and is accessible to personnel with 4/4404 Clearance. Any 4404-Variant should be treated as highly toxic and is subject to standard hazardous material protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation is to prevent access to SCP-4405-1 instances to unauthorized entities with universal transportation methods.
Special Containment Procedures: An inert copy of SCP-4406 is kept on a standard issue field laptop in a TEMPEST-certified1 vault at Site-11. Foundation computers exhibiting symptoms listed in Document 4406-3L are to be checked by I/O TORNADO for SCP-4406 contamination.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation operatives will monitor flight control near the Chatham Islands and redirect all flights passing within 2 km of SCP-4408. MTF Delta-11 "Birdshooters" will conduct information operations to discourage recreational aviation in the area, as well as lobby towards more stringent laws for amateur aviators.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4409 is to be kept in a standard low-security residential containment chamber at Site-66. In addition to its rations (which are to be under 3000 calories a day and include foods high in vitamin C and low-fat dairy products), SCP-4409 is to receive daily medication for gout and metabolic syndrome.
Special Containment Procedures: By an 8-5 vote of the O5 Council, SCP-4410 will be allowed to remain on the internet, accessible to the public. The writings on the SCP-4410 website are to be monitored by Foundation personnel and Foundation-made pattern-recognition algorithms for similarities to existing anomalies. All SCP-4410-1 instances are to be identified and monitored. Proposals to further interrogate or test SCP-4410-1 instances must be approved by the SCP-4410 research lead. SCP-4410-1 instances should be amnesticized to remove memories of interactions with Foundation personnel, but personnel should not attempt to remove memories of SCP-4410 itself.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4411 is currently self-containing outside of extraterrestrial observations, with the moon blocking both visual contact with SCP-4411 and all outgoing transmissions from the object1. Civilian space exploration is to be covertly influenced in such a way that observations of the moon never align with occurrences of manifestations, and the relevant debris is to be dismissed as either natural craters or visual distortion.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4412 is stored in a standard anomalous item containment locker at Site-76.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation webcrawler GAONOXIE.exe is to monitor all image hosting websites and replace all instances of SCP-4414 with the dummy image “fingerfun.png”. Any individuals performing SCP-4414-A are to be apprehended immediately and administered Class B amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the expansive range of circumstances in which SCP-4419 manifestations occur, containment efforts are to focus on information control and post-manifestation cleanup rather than physical imprisonment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4422 is contained at its place of discovery, now designated Site-4422. As Site-4422 is able to function as an ordinary power generation facility, its continued operation serves the dual purpose of providing cover for Foundation activity at the Site and supplying power to SCP-4422 and Foundation facilities in the region. 25 auxiliary staff have been assigned to routine operation of the facility, under the guise of local energy authority employees.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the unpredictable nature of when and where SCP-4424-1 events will occur, as well as the inheritable difficulty in immobilizing SCP-4424-2, no reliable method to contain or hinder SCP-4424 has been discovered. After each SCP-4424-1 event an appropriate cover story explaining the disappearance of the train and all passengers is to be distributed.
Special Containment Procedures: The public is to be scanned at the end of every month for any instances of SCP-4425 among civilians. Located individuals affected by SCP-4425 are to be detained and have the instance extracted from their cranium. A cover story is to be created prior to extraction.
Special Containment Procedures: As there is no accurate method of predicting SCP-4427 manifestation times, SCP-4427 is considered uncontainable; however, most cases appear1 to take place at political events — particularly rallies for topics pertaining to regulation of the anomalous — and these events should be monitored accordingly. Further public protection efforts should be directed toward thermal imaging surveillance of high-traffic roads and walkways; if SCP-4427 is seen, the area surrounding it should be cordoned off with traffic cones or similar construction signage before 45 people have passed through it. The anomaly will demanifest within 12 hours, and during this period should be guarded by at least two personnel with 3/4427 clearance. Civilian inquiries are to be directed to Site-42 Media Relations & Support, and should not be answered by on-duty containment personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4430 was contained in a standard Safe-class locker, padded with foam. SCP-4430's locker was to be regularly checked for any attempted access by personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Standard Foundation cell network1 probes have been updated to detect phone conversations in which the words "mother" and "country" are spoken more than fifteen times each over the span of five minutes; this will cause the network to issue an automatic alert to the security director(s) of the facility nearest to the phone affected, who will then dispatch response agents to determine if the case is legitimate. If so, the individual affected should be detained, interviewed, and held until SCP-4433 stop making contact and the affected no longer shows a desire to make contact, at which point amnesticization, reconditioning, and release is encouraged but not required. As SCP-4433 have not been shown to manifest outside of SCP-4433-A, no physical containment procedures are necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Outpost-4434 has been constructed adjacent to AOE-4434 for the purposes of research and surveillance, and is designed to house 15 or fewer personnel for long-term assignment.
Special Containment Procedures: The building containing SCP-4439 is to be permanently cordoned off from the public. Four agents are to be embedded into the town and serve as the primary caregivers of SCP-4439. An agent is to remain in physical proximity of SCP-4439 at all times, but otherwise is able to carry out his/her regular duties.
Special Containment Procedures: Guards are to be patrolling the area around SCP-4440 in routines 1 hour apart. Personnel are to remain at least 2 meters away from SCP-4440 at all times. In the case of a Centimane event, nearby human population centers will be evacuated under the pretense of an unavoidable future dust storm. After the evacuation of the population center, SCP-4440 will be closely monitored for the point where it exits the area. Afterwards Foundation funds will go into repairing damage done to buildings and other structures by SCP-4440. Civilians will be let back in and any witnesses to SCP-4440 will be administered Class A Amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: As of September 2018, SCP-4441-1 is uncontained. MTF-Epsilon 6 (”Village Idiots”) is currently deployed in rural areas of New York state to track SCP-4441-1 and retrieve any discovered instances of SCP-4441-2. Civilians who retain information regarding the Foundation, other GOI’s or any anomalous activity through SCP-4441-2 must be apprehended and amnesticized.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4442 is contained along with the town of ███████, Florida. All previous residents have been given Class-B amnestics and relocated, and all geographical records of the area since 1963 have been wiped or destroyed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4445 is contained within a modified maximum security containment housing at Area-90’s Eisenhower Complex. SCP-4445 is to be constantly monitored to ensure proper functionality of the device. Oversight of the Eisenhower Complex and SCP-4445 is currently under the direction of Operations Controller Dr. Wyatt Atwood and Systems Operations Manager Dr. Leah Vance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4446 is saved on a computer originally owned by Dr. Fisher.
As SCP-4446 cannot be copied or otherwise replicated without its copy losing its anomalous properties, the computer itself has to be stored and therefore named SCP-4446-A.
Special Containment Procedures: The lake in which SCP-4448 resides is to be surrounded by an electric fence capable of outputting 5000 volts of electricity. A distance of 20 meters must be kept between the fence and the nearest point of the lake. The outside door may only be opened by a valid fingerprint scan and a four digit passcode and must be immediately locked upon both entering and exiting the room.
Special Containment Procedures: Appearances of SCP-4450-α and/or SCP-4450-β are to be immediately reported to the Site Director, alongside any on-site O5 council-members. SCP-4450-α and -β are to be asked to await their arrival. Any requests for readily available sums of money made by SCP-4450-α or SCP-4450-β during this time are to be granted.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4452 is to be contained according to standard low-risk human anomaly security procedures, with blindsight protocol in effect for relevant employees. SCP-4452 is to be provisioned with amenities and nourishment befitting a juvenile human with reduced mental capacity, along with a dose of mild sedative (2 mg lorazepam administered twice daily with meals). Should SCP-4452 become severely aggressive or agitated, a 1 mg emergency dose of haloperidol is to be administered by autoinjector.
Special Containment Procedures: Any witnesses to events caused by SCP-4454 are to be amnesticised, and appropriate cover stories generated for any related damage. Acceptable cover stories include gas explosions, meteorite impacts or damage caused by falling space debris.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4460's territory has been purchased by the Foundation and redesignated as Site-440. All roads passing by or through Site-440 have been redirected, and all residents of the nearby apartment complex have been evicted.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4462 is to be contained in a standard human containment cell at Site-17. Under no circumstances are any writing implements allowed in SCP-4462's cell. All notes pertaining to SCP-4462 are to be written using a word processor on a tablet that is not connected to the internet and transposed to paper after moving 40 meters or more from the containment cell.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation geological surveyors and range scientists are to be dispatched to the affected territory for data and sample collection.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4465 is to be kept in a secure containment locker.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4466 are to be kept in an earthy containment chamber, fit for several large (152 cm tall and 244 cm long) mammals to roam. SCP-4466 are to be fed primarily grass and hay three times a day. SCP-4466 are to be groomed, cleaned, and generally maintained by on-site animal handlers. The SCP-4466 population is to be kept at a reasonable level (decided at the research lead's discretion), and deceased instances are to be dissected and studied.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-31 containment engineers are to defer to Operation Blah alumni of 4/4467 clearance or higher on issues regarding SCP-4467's containment. At least twenty Operation Blah alumni are to be available in Site-31 for all SCP-4467 related activities (research, relocation, containment, etc.) for at least 12 hours each day. If a week goes by without this requirement being met at least 4 days of the week, a new draft of personnel are to be entered into Operation Blah until it can be met again. Though further containment procedures exist, they are unable to be communicated to personnel without Operation Blah training.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the harmless, difficult to detect, and self-neutralizing nature of SCP-4468 and SCP-4468-A, no containment procedures are in place.
Special Containment Procedures: All information related to SCP-4470 is to be classified as LEVEL-4//TITAN STAR EXCESSIVE/MOONDROP WHITE. SCP-4470 is to be excluded from Ethics Committee review as per EC/O5 Joint Consensus Directive #3, as well as from all other regular security and classification reviews. SCP-4470 is never to be described using the terms "immortality," "deathlessness," or otherwise suggested to be in violation of EC/O5 JCD-3.
Special Containment Procedures: Auditing firms employed by national governments, arms manufacturers, and communications companies are to be targeted with espionage campaigns to remove records of SCP-4471 transactions. An external auditing firm is to be established and provided with sanitized records of Foundation expenditures to assess internal SCP-4471 activity. UBS Group AG account #410019 is to be monitored for further association with anomalous activity, and POI-2051 is to be added to Foundation financial watchlists.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4474-1 is to be placed on a desk inside a standard containment cell. No attempts to remove SCP-4474-2 are to be made.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4477 itself is to be treated under current standards for coma patients at Humanoid Site-06, in the Coma Wing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4479 is kept within a standard Safe lockbox, placed at the bottom of a 30 m vertical shaft in Site-31's lowest floor. This area is not to have any temporary or permanent doors leading to it.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4480 is currently contained within Sam & Carylin Products, a Foundation subsidiary operating exclusively in Derby, Connecticut and staffed entirely by D-Class personnel1, and is believed to be acting as Dr. Sam Edwards. Any noticeable activity from Dr. Sam Edwards is to be investigated, and if Dr. Sam Edwards resigns from their position, the next habitation of SCP-4480 is to be located and secured by Mobile Task Force Psi-7 "Home Improvement".
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4481 is currently stored in a containment hanger at Site-29, where it is undergoing study and restoration. Artifacts recovered from SCP-4481 are stored in Site-29's containment facilities as appropriate.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-4482's usefulness to the Foundation, containment has been deemed unnecessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Provisional Site-4488 has been established around the area of SCP-4488. Roads leading towards Provisional Site-4488 are to be shut down and redirected. Biohazard signs are to be placed within the vicinity so as to deter intruders. A perimeter fence must be erected within a 3km radius of Provisional Site-4488 and is to be monitored by on-site security personnel. A construction team is to be kept on-site to expand the perimeter of Provisional Site 4488 to accommodate further drilling efforts if the need arises. In the event of a containment breach, the perpetrator(s) are to be promptly apprehended, administered Class-A amnestics, and then released.
Special Containment Procedures: Undercover Foundation agents are to regularly patrol and examine the stock of food, drug, or retail stores deemed susceptible to SCP-4490 events. If instances of SCP-4490-2 are found within the store, the SCP-4490-2 instance is to be stored in the Site-45 anomalous materials storage facility. The staff of the store are to be questioned, and given appropriate amnestics. The staff should be interviewed and give Foundation personnel a full log of customers who purchased SCP-4490-2 instances. Any subjects who purchased SCP-4490-2 (referred to as SCP-4490-3 henceforth) should be detained by Foundation personnel, interviewed, and terminated, unless requested for research purposes. If subjects claim to have never ingested SCP-4490-2, however, they should be tested for effects of SCP-4490-2, kept in containment for one week, and be released and given Class-A amnestics if they show no signs of SCP-4490-2 effects.
Special Containment Procedures: A single encrypted copy of SCP-4491 is to remain stored as "SCP-4491.3g2" on an external hard drive contained within a standard Safe security locker at Site-49. Requests to view SCP-4491 may be submitted to the project head for approval.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4492 is to be left alone in the former office of Dr. ■■■■■■■, converted into a 10 x 10 x 10 meter containment cell, with 5 meter thick walls. Armed guards are to prevent any personnel from entering SCP-4492’s radius and cameras are to be carefully placed in SCP-4492’s cell and monitored 24/7. If SCP-4492 is disturbed, or manages to leave its cell, scan all computers in a 60 km radius of SCP-4492 for Japanese pornography and delete it immediately, and send agents poised as police officials to confiscate and destroy physical versions of Japanese pornography. SCP-4492 is to be pushed back into its containment with a 10 meter long stick. To prevent SCP-4492 from attempting to leave its cell, a Japanese pornographic image must be supplied every 30-45 minutes through a chute installed into the ceiling of the cell.
Special Containment Procedures: Under no circumstances is the SCP Foundation, any of its subsidiary companies, or any individual employee thereof to profess pride in or support of an LGBT identity during the month of June.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4496 is to be held in a secure anomalous item locker at Site-64. SCP-4496 should be stored in its "robot" configuration to avoid accidentally triggering its anomalous properties. Foundation web crawlers are to monitor internet traffic for activity under the username "MxMaster".
Special Containment Procedures: All 19 known instances of SCP-4499 are contained at Ocean Site-7's marine protected area (MPA). Instances are affixed with tracking devices, and are implanted with waterproof shock microchips to deter containment breaches. In preparation for potential future sightings, Foundation webcrawlers are to monitor social media for reports of talking sharks in the Pacific Ocean, and undercover Foundation agents are to be permanently situated at all major fishing and ocean tour hubs. A joint task force between Foundation operatives and members of the Shark Punching Center, designated JTF Sigma-2 ("Adblockers"), has been established to respond to and contain confirmed SCP-4499 appearances.
Special Containment Procedures: All companies associated with the manufacture of the popular product ‘Kendal mint cake’ are to be obtained as Foundation assets, after which they will continue to operate, functioning as fronts for the containment of SCP-4501. Pending further research, at least two major manufacturers must remain actively producing and distributing the product at any time.
Special Containment Procedures: Pending the development of an effective biological control measure for pseudo-ergot SCP-4502, the popular breakfast cereal manufacturer ‘Kellogg’s LTD’ is to be maintained as a Foundation asset. The popular product ‘Rice Krispies’ must remain in continuous production and distribution. Whilst all other product lines are deemed expendable, the most profitable of these should be utilised for the generation of supplemental income1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4503 is to be kept within the secure storage locker in Site-██'s galley. Access to SCP-4503 is restricted to galley staff only and the locker is equipped with a timelock that will only open five minutes before official meal times. Any abuse of SCP-4503 or containment breaches will be met with increased security measures and possibly even indefinite lockdown.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4504 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-██, with a secondary containment cell kept empty in readiness for an attempted containment breach. SCP-4504’s primary and secondary cells and the immediate corridors around them are to be fitted with Halothane gas dispersal systems, which should be activated immediately if SCP-4504 attempts to breach containment.
Special Containment Procedures: Learning Computer Beta-9 ("ALEXANDER") is to scan visual media currently in production for individuals matching SCP-4506's features. In cases where the presence of SCP-4506 is confirmed, it is to be doctored out of the footage if possible. In cases where the presence of SCP-4506 is significant enough that minor edits to the media in question are not sufficient, Covert Task Force Zeta-9 ("The Producers") are to be embedded into the production in question in order to facilitate more pervasive alterations.
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance to SCP-4507 has been cordoned off from public access. A small shopfront at the entrance has been converted into a makeshift security station, where two Foundation agents have been embedded as convenience store clerks.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4514 is to be held in a standard Safe-Class container. SCP-4514 is only to be used with the approval of the O5 council.
Special Containment Procedures: Internet video hosting sites and social media platforms are to be monitored for any new instances of SCP-4515 using neural network analysis bot Iota-75 ("Brain Candy"). Any found instances are to be downloaded to a remote storage device for cataloging and expunged from all related sites. All individuals known to have viewed the instance in question are to be detained and transferred to Site-401 for standard humanoid containment until further notice. Cataloged videos are not to be viewed at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: All entrances to SCP-4516 have been shielded with thaumaturgic warding. Personnel are to maintain these wards indefinitely.
Special Containment Procedures: While SCP-4520 is typically docile there is potential for the instance to roll a high number on its dice repeatedly and escape. Interaction with SCP-4520 is to be kept to a minimum, and SCP-4520 is not to receive silverware with its meals. Meal trays are to be made of styrofoam, to prevent improvisation of weaponry. At least one staff member is to monitor SCP-4520's dice to sound an alarm, in the event of high rolls.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4521 is to be kept in Site-551's Bioterrarium and only accessible by personnel with Level 2 clearance or higher. Additionally, attempts are to be made daily in an attempt to provoke vocalizations from SCP-4521.
Special Containment Procedures: No interaction with SCP-4523 is authorized under any circumstances. In all circumstances necessitating the deployment of Foundation personnel within physical proximity of SCP-4523, dive teams comprised of no fewer than four (4) operatives are to be exclusively used. Dive team members must maintain continuous radio contact among themselves and use Class-B or higher flares to provide constant visibility. Operatives must use a "square" swimming pattern in which two divers lead the group and two follow from the rear. The use of flashlights or other illumination devices, save flares, is strictly disallowed. Loss of radio contact with any member of the dive team is cause for the mission to be immediately aborted and all remaining operatives to return to surface (RTS). No attempts at recovering lost dive team operatives are permitted.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4530 is to be patrolled and monitored by Stationary Task Force Sigma-2 ('Lynch Mob'), who are to maintain a 5 kilometer area of exclusion around SCP-4530.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4535 is to be contained within a standard anomalous objects containment vault. Testing requires approval from one Level 3 personnel or higher. All instances of SCP-4535-01 are to be kept under guard at Site-48, where they are to be put to work as Level-0 Foundation employees.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4537 is kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber. Standard humanoid dietary and recreational guidelines are to be followed.
Special Containment Procedures: Wherever possible, public access to locations designated as SCP-4540 should be restricted. If not possible, non-functional portions of SCP-4540 should be recorded and destroyed to prevent SCP-4540 from potentially becoming public knowledge. Public deep-sea diving in the Mediterranean around the coordinates of SCP-4540 related locations are to be monitored and amnestics applied to divers if necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Uncontained SCP-4543-1 instances are to be actively searched for and detained. Cemeteries within Quarry Park are to be monitored for unusual activity.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4544 is to remain within storage locker #4032 at Site-14. To prevent the further extension of SCP-4544's anomalous capabilities, storage locker #4032 is to be guarded and monitored via video at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: A minimum of ten locations suitable for triggering SCP-4545 manifestation are to be maintained by the Foundation at all times. The use of CCTV cameras is to be encouraged within the civilian population, especially at locations matching the requirements for SCP-4545.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4546 instances are to be contained in a standard Safe-class locker. Provisional Area-4546 has been constructed around SCP-4546-1; access to civilians is to be denied under the guise of a firework manufacturing facility.
Special Containment Procedures: Personnel working with SCP-4550 are specialised cognitohazard containment teams, each headed by Level 4 personnel. Said containment teams are required to take part in a re-evaluation course every six months.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4451 is to be stored in an anechoic chamber1. A commercially produced bell muffler is to be placed into the interior of SCP-4551 when not in testing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4552 is to be surrounded by a chain-link fence 2 meters high and watched by at least two armed guards at all times. Test subjects assigned to SCP-4552 have authorization for access, but must notify the Site Director before accessing SCP-4552 and must record all activity related to it.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4554 is to be stored in a standard container in the anomalous items wing of Site-34. Access is restricted to Level-2 and above personnel, with open testing allowed. No more than 1 liter of SCP-4554-1 may be consumed per person per day. Testing is to take place during daylight hours in external testing zone 34-4554-A, which is a closed courtyard adjacent to Site-34.
Special Containment Procedures: Aside from standard information safety protocols, SCP-4555 requires no active containment. As the natural progress of non-anomalous science discovers methods to analyze meta-universal data, SCP-4555 is planned to be reclassified as "explained".
Special Containment Procedures: Personnel at Site-4556 are to maintain watch over SCP-4556 using automated surveillance equipment equipped with telephoto lenses, so as not to disturb it. Any individual approaching SCP-4556 without authorization is to be intercepted and redirected to the border of the Site by unarmed Site security staff; authorization to approach SCP-4556 is only to be granted by the presiding Site Director upon consultation with senior researchers. Due to its remote location, intrusion at Site-4556 is unlikely. [Note 01/18/2018: See incident report.]
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-4557's nature, reliable containment of the entity is currently impossible. Foundation personnel have been planted with the New York Police Department and are to report any SCP-4557 sightings. These personnel are to administer amnestics to any and all witnesses. In the event SCP-4557 manifests, Mobile Task Force Pi-1 "City Slickers" are to tranquilize the specimens composing the entity and relocate the subject to SCP-4557-1.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4558 is cordoned off from public access under the guise of a military installation. Research on SCP-4558 is based in the nearby Site 312.
Special Containment Procedures: All information regarding SCP-4559 within scientific institutions and other organizations are to be removed under the guise of being incorrect information.
Special Containment Procedures: Currently three known vectors for SCP-4560 are contained within separate anomalous document containers at Site-64, Site-81, and Site-77 for reference and further study. All additional vectors discovered by Foundation operatives are to be documented and then immediately destroyed via incineration on site. All personnel handling SCP-4560 vectors are to observe standard visual and audio memetic precautions.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4566 is to be contained in a high-value storage locker in the containment wing of Storage Site-23. The extraction of Foundation personnel fictionalized by SCP-4566 is a low priority; research should instead focus on the feasibility of training fictional personnel as meta-narrative operatives. Funds are to be allocated to the maintenance and development of narratives containing fictionalized personnel to ensure the continuity of identity.
Special Containment Procedures: Naval Task Force Gamma-17, working from SCPS Unity, is to oversee containment of SCP-4567. A small force consisting of NTF-Γ-17 agents is to be based upon each instance of SCP-4567 to prevent vessels from travelling within 2km of the instances and to ensure the well-being of SCP-4567. If necessary, SCP-4567 instances may be towed if they come too close to populated areas or other non-anomalous oil platforms.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4569 is locked in a 10-digit pin coded safe, located in Storage Unit-22 within Site-17. Further access for research purposes is to be granted only by Class A personnel. Subjects exposed to SCP-4569 are required to be at least Class B Foundation members with a minimum score of 60 points on the Milgram Obedience Test.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-4571's location, Foundation agents are to monitor all Martian explorations, and to redirect missions as necessary to a minimum of forty (40) kilometers from the coordinates -55.71°S 163.92°W. The Foundation satellite S-4571.01 shall remain in low Martian orbit to scan the entirety of the Terra Sirenum region for SCP-4571-2 instances.
Special Containment Procedures: Worldwide media is monitored for SCP-4575 related phenomena and damage. Areas deemed possibly affected are to be investigated by RTF-Zeta-27 ("Homeowners Association").
Special Containment Procedures: The town of ██████2, Missouri is occupied by Foundation personnel, and a 5km exclusion zone has been established around it. Deceased individuals are to be immediately removed from the town and incinerated. All consumer waste is to be collected and transferred offsite twice weekly. All previous residents are to be monitored, in the event of them becoming SCP-4577-1 instances. Individuals attempting to enter the exclusion zone are to be thoroughly questioned, issued amnestics, and released.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4578 is kept in an externally reinforced humanoid containment cell in a bunker two kilometers below Site-59. The cell is to be regularly stocked with approved meals, books, and a sajjāda1. At no point is SCP-4578 to come within one kilometer of the onsite nuclear warhead, nor is SCP-4578 to be made aware of the warhead.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4580 is to be monitored by MTF Theta-8 ("The Bird Watchers") at all times. In the case of an SCP-4580-1 event, MTF Theta-8 are to be relocated to whichever Foundation site is nearest to the new location of SCP-4580.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4586 is to be kept at Site-19, in a standard humanoid containment cell, connected to a 5 m corridor leading to the facility. A control room is to be built adjacent to the cell to monitor the specimen through a camera, placed in the cell. SCP-4586 is equipped with a Mark V shock collar, operated by technicians in the control room. Batteries must be exchanged every 72 hours, and any attempts of the subject to tamper with the collar must be met with an electric discharge to incapacitate it. Should SCP-4586 remove the collar, two guards, outfitted with electric guns and tasers, are to stun the specimen. In the event of a successful containment breach, the site is to be placed on lockdown and Mobile Task Force Lambda-5 ("White Rabbits") on-site team is to incapacitate and recontain SCP-4586.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4587 is to be kept in a long-term containment locker at Site-59. As of 5/20/19, testing of SCP-4587 has been indefinitely suspended. For further study, non-anomalous recordings of all SCP-4587-A iterations are available at the Site-59 archival wing.
Special Containment Procedures: All recovered instances of SCP-4588 are to be stored in medium to large size clear plastic containers, kept in standard Safe-containment lockers. Alternatively, instances may be kept in closed-top glass terrariums. They are to be fed twice a day, using any available organic waste from the Site.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation webcrawler I/O-WA is to monitor online kombucha tea sharing communities claiming evidence of tangible health benefits. Affected individuals are to be contained in standard humanoid containment cells until their SCP-4589 growths can be excised safely, and any SCP-4589 cultures possessed by civilians are to be destroyed.
Special Containment Procedures: All SCP-4590 instances are to be kept in a secure storage locker in Site 736. Regular interaction and communication between Foundation personnel and SCP-4590 instances is encouraged, in order to improve the instances' mental state.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4951 cannot currently be contained.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4597 is contained within a Standard Humanoid Containment Cell. SCP-4597's hands are to be encased in fitted gloves filled with polymer gel #MCN119, refreshed daily. A plexiglass partition divides the cell between SCP-4597 and SCP-4597-A.
Special Containment Procedures: Living instances of SCP-4599 are to be stored in standard humanoid containment cells for the duration of their life. Instances are to be given food and water regularly, and particularly cooperative instances may receive certain comfort items at their request. Should an instance of SCP-4599 perish while in containment, it is to be dissected and examined, with remains subsequently stored in a refrigerated corpse storage unit.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4600 is only containable through widespread social engineering. As such an interdisciplinary task force involving multiple branches of deniable and non-deniable Foundation Assets is required. This task force, referred to as The Human Capital Exchange Division (HCED) is to be based in Site-642 with broad discretionary powers in developing and executing special containment procedures.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4602 is to be stored in a containment locker on Site-57. SCP-4602's locker is to be furnished with items appropriate to its size. A small computer with networking capabilities removed is to be installed in the locker. Accessing SCP-4602 can be done by anyone with Clearance Level 2 or higher. All interactions with SCP-4602 must be recorded.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4603 is to be kept in a Safe class containment locker at Site-28. No copies are to be created of SCP-4603.
Special Containment Procedures: The outdoor perimeter of SCP-4605-1 is to be monitored at all times via continuous security camera operation and patrolled by no more than 10 armed guards. The area unauthorized to the public is to be disguised as a privately owned hospital renovation site and shall be referred to as such. Unauthorized persons found on the site are to be apprehended and turned over to the proper authorities. However, if public trespassing occurs during Procedure 314-Iasthai, proper verification that the intruder is under the influence of SCP-4605 is imperative before initiating immediate application of class C amnestics or termination.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the contractual agreements aligned in Addendum 4606.1, SCP-4606 is free to roam Site-17 and interact with onsite personnel. When not roaming, SCP-4606 is contained within a low-security humanoid containment domicile, furnished with standard human amenities. Additionally, SCP-4606 has requested the following items for the chamber which have included, but are not limited to:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4609 is to be contained in Site-99, along with its current researcher Dr. Ogden. Neither SCP-4609 or Dr. Ogden are ever to leave Site-99. SCP-4609 itself is stored within a sealed testing chamber. All testing on SCP-4609 is to be performed remotely by Dr. Ogden and logged in the provided records.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4610 is to be contained at Site-15 in a standard anomalous object container. Thus far, only the original instance of SCP-4610 has been located, however it is believed there may be additional copies of the program in circulation. Given the specific requirements for SCP-4610 to operate, previous Foundation efforts used to locate similar products from the PoI 'dado' have been deemed sufficient in order to obtain any further instances.
Special Containment Procedures: Irrelevant as of 24/06/2016.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4616's containment zone is to be staffed by nonviolent D-class personnel with Foundation provided training or real-world experience in agriculture, and operated as a commercial farm. D-class personnel must return to the farmhouse by sunset and remain indoors until sunrise.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4618 is to be contained within the legally defined boundaries of Brighton High School. Witnesses of SCP-4618 manifestations are to be administered Class-A amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: Any company that has purchased SCP-4620 instances will be visited and seized by agents embedded in the public health organizations of the world's major powers. The seized instances are to be stored in a Secure-class containment locker at Site-34.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4622 is to remain untouched via an area of exclusion, 2 km in diameter, surrounding the vicinity. Foundation metaphysicians are to research methods of examining and identifying SCP-4622-1's biology without triggering its anomalous properties.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4626 is to be kept inside of a locked steel safe within a 3 meter cubic containment cell, with 0.5m thick concrete walls and a solid steel blast door. One armed guard is to be stationed outside of the cell at all times. Access to SCP-4626 is restricted to Class 3 or higher personnel with Class 4 clearance. Any personnel attempting to access SCP-4626 without proper clearance or who appear to be affected by SCP-4626’s cognitohazardous effect are to be detained until manually evaluated by Class 4 or higher personnel. Any individual confirmed to have been exposed to SCP-4626 for longer than 50 seconds outside of testing are to be administered Class-B amnestics, regardless of whether or not any symptoms of SCP-4626’s cognitohazardous effects have been observed.
Special Containment Procedures: If a manifestation of SCP-4627 is discovered, a Scranton Reality Anchor must be deployed to the immediate area surrounding this manifestation, ensuring that the area-of-effect covers all known manifestations of SCP-4627-A. Any residents of the area that have been absorbed will have an appropriate cover story fabricated to explain their disappearance. All civilians in the immediate area must be treated with amnestics, as absorption does not always occur when a person enters the anomaly.
Special Containment Procedures: The recipe for SCP-4628-1 is Level 3/4628 Classified.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4630 and SCP-4630-1 are to be kept in a standard hydroponic containment cell. The cell is to be partitioned to allow for private interviews with each of the objects, but have the ability to open to allow free communication when not conducting interviews.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4635 is to be contained in Locker-348 in Site-32. Access to Locker-348 and use of SCP-4635 for experimental purposes is only permitted to MTF Alpha-7 ('Literature Professors') operatives who have been administered with a Class-LE amnestic1 or who do not possess any grasp of the English language.
Special Containment Procedures: All monitoring of the item's containment chamber must comply to the 2dgs infosec protocol. Access to any data about SCP-4636 is restricted to members of the SCP-4636 research group, whose memory must be purged of all other classified data upon recruitment. Each documentation task must be assigned to a single member. I am afraid that this cryptic procedure might lead to a poor assessment of SCP-4636-related threats by uninvolved Foundation staff.
Special Containment Procedures: Any retrieved instance of SCP-4637 is to be kept in a refrigerated containment vault at site-77, in its original vessel. Research staff with Level 3 or higher clearance may request access to SCP-4637. No more than 0.5mL of SCP-4637 may be sampled for any given trial on a live subject. No more than 0.1mL may be sampled for in vitro tests or attempts at replicating SCP-4637.
Special Containment Procedures: An unused aircraft hangar at Site-17 has been retrofitted as a containment chamber for SCP-4642, including a drainage system leading directly to the Site's incinerator. The hangar doors must remain welded shut, with entry to the containment chamber permissible only via the newly created security doors on the South wall, which lead to the decontamination showers.
Special Containment Procedures: A Foundation outpost (Outpost 4644) has been established near the Kuroshima Research Station of the Sea Turtle Association of Japan, and equipped with three large open-air aviaries for SCP-4644 containment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4645 is currently contained in an electromagnetically sealed observation room in Site-15. Every four days, a Mirren digital mnemohazard is to be installed into SCP-4645. SCP-4645 must always be under watch by at least one researcher or guard from 7:00 A.M. until the SCP-4645-1 instance is generated, upon which it is to be recorded and sent immediately to the Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: Access to portions of U.S. Route 6 have been limited using detours. Undercover Foundation agents are to amnesticize drivers who experience SCP-4647's anomaly.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4649 is to be disassembled and transported to Site-77 for further testing. It is to be isolated within an underground bunker, located at least 500 meters from the main site, with access granted only to female security personnel with Level 3 clearance or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4650 is to be contained in a standard object containment chamber. The door to the chamber can be unlocked by personnel Class 4 or higher. The key in SCP-4650's back is to remain constantly turned to the 5th setting. In the event that SCP-4650's key is turned or falls out, one D-Class personnel must be sent into the chamber by supervisors to reset the key. No electronic equipment aside from lights and recording devices are to be allowed within a 20-meter radius of SCP-4650. Tests involving SCP-4650 must be approved by personnel Class 4 or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4652 is to be kept in a standard containment locker at Site-57. Testing with SCP-4652 is only to be carried out with explicit approval from 2 Level 4 personnel. The personnel drinking SCP-4652-1 is to be restrained, such that they are facing a safe angle and cannot bring their arms in front of their face. All personnel involved in testing SCP-4652 are to wear protective eyewear. Personnel aside from the person drinking are to be to the side of the testing bunker, behind heat-resistant protective material.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4655 is kept in a standard Safe-class containment chamber. Within the containment chamber, a single overhead lamp constructed for the manifestation of SCP-4655-1 instances is to remain dimly lit at all times. Personnel that have lost a relative or partner within the last 5 years are restricted from SCP-4655's containment chamber.
Special Containment Procedures: This document will be sent to all Foundation personnel with Level 2 Clearance or higher by email every week. Personnel should then (re)read the document to reinforce the mnemonic device used to contain SCP-4656: there is no connection. Any information about SCP-4656 must be rendered as plainly as possible while still keeping with the standard format. Due to its otherwise self-containing nature, knowledge of SCP-4656 and its properties is harmless and available to any relevant personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4660-1 is to be contained on-site at SCP-4660-3, within a Type S Mammalian Anomaly Containment Chamber. The chamber is to be inspected daily for attempts to breach containment. This chamber and the property on which SCP-4660-3 has been built is maintained by staff from Site-64. SCP-4660-1 is to be fed using an appropriate feeding schedule, with a veterinary physical examination to occur once monthly for any changes in SCP-4660-1's health.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4663 colonies are to be housed in Type-II Containment Terraria and fed twice a week. No non-anomalous 3D printers are to be brought near SCP-4663 instances. SCP-4663 colonies may be used as waste disposal areas, according to the containment officer's discretion.
Special Containment Procedures: All living specimens of SCP-4665 are to be retrieved and transplanted to an isolated garden plot within Site-103 by MTF Theta-4 ("Gardeners"), where they will be maintained. All other SCP-4665 specimens found by MTF Theta-4 are to be contained in a standard containment locker at Site-103. Containment of SCP-4665-1-1 through SCP-4665-1-6 (named "Ian," "Nancy," "Alex," "Robert," "Paula," and "Eleanor" respectively) has been deferred to GoI-466 (Wilson's Wildlife Solutions) under the Boring Agreement. All other instances of SCP-4665-1 are to be contained in separate windowless containment cells at Site-103. These instances must be kept under video surveillance and standard maintenance of the cells and their occupants must be performed without direct eye contact.
Special Containment Procedures: Web traffic and law enforcement channels worldwide are to be monitored for evidence of SCP-4666 activity, and particularly for cases of stalking or reports of anomalous phenomena involving families with young children.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4667 is currently uncontained, and is believed to be located in an unknown area near the North or Baltic Sea. The tracking of abnormal tooth growth in coastal and ocean fauna is to be used to locate its precise whereabouts.
Special Containment Procedures: Recorded instances of SCP-4669-1 are to be removed and scrubbed. All witnesses of SCP-4669 or SCP-4669-1 instances are to be administered Class-B amnestics and undergo continuous monitoring. All instances of SCP-4669-2 are to be terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: A Foundation-certified cannibal is to accompany Mobile Task Force Lambda-14 ("Manhunters") in investigating all restaurants serving barbecue in the southern United States. Until SCP-4670 is recontained, all Foundation personnel within the southern United States are encouraged to avoid consuming barbecue pork products or engaging in conjugal relations with Greek women.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4671 is kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-42.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4674 should be kept isolated from all other Foundation assets and is currently held at the dedicated Facility-4674. The facility is to be heavily secured against intrusion and theft, and a security team is to be stationed on guard at all times. Any intruders should be assumed to have a complete knowledge of the facility and of all defensive precautions.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4678 is to be kept in a secure locker at Armed Site-47 for use in Project XN-Saving Grace.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4680 is to be kept in a humanoid containment cell at Site-59.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4682 is contained in a secure storage locker in Site-19. SCP-4682 is to remain wrapped in opaque material. Viewing SCP-4682 is strictly prohibited. Individuals subjected to the effects of SCP-4682 are advised to avoid reflective surfaces, and are restricted from appearing or being depicted in visual media or observed through means other than the naked eye for their own mental health. Affected individuals should also undergo monthly or weekly therapy sessions with a member of Schuyler & Crane Psychiatry, as determined by Foundation psychologists.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4683-1 instances found within Nx-18 are to be contained and incinerated in the field with extreme prejudice, with a fifty-meter area around them being quarantined for at least ten days to observe further anomalous properties. Individuals who have consumed an SCP-4683-1 instance are to be detained for a period of up to ten days to contain any potential anomalies that rise.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation web crawlers are to monitor SCP-4686 and prevent civilian access to the website. Information regarding SCP-4686 outside the Foundation is to be immediately acquired and removed. Civilians who have accessed SCP-4686 are to be amnesticised.
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-4688 are to be stored in a standard anomalous item containment unit in Site-76. This container is to be reinforced with a Faraday cage to prevent possible interactions with internet-based devices. SCP-4688 may not be stored in the vicinity of electricity-based SCP objects, nor should it be allowed to come in contact with electrical wiring of any kind.
Special Containment Procedures: N/A
Special Containment Procedures: Consensus reality regarding the literary work Madame Chrysanthème and its associated adaptations has been permanently altered. No further containment appears to be possible.
Special Containment Procedures: Suburban areas are to be screened for reports of SCP-4691 as often as resources allow. All information related to a confirmed SCP-4691 event should be suppressed via proportionate amnestic administration. Grade 3 ballistics will be utilized against ongoing instances of SCP-46911.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4695 is kept in a standard anomalous object container in the C wing of Site-64. Testing is to be conducted by at least two Level-3 personnel. All tests performed on SCP-4695 must not exceed thirty minutes.
Special Containment Procedures: Research and living facilities have been built around SCP-4697, along with a full security perimeter. No access is to be given to non-Foundation entities. Video monitoring has been set up throughout SCP-4697 in order to monitor its activity.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4698-1 is to be contained using standard humanoid containment protocols and chamber specifications, with the following deviations: SCP-4698-1 is to be fed a meat-only diet, has full access to the site as long as it is accompanied by a staff member with at least Level-2 clearance, and is to have therapy sessions increased to three times weekly. Aside from removals from containment for combat, SCP-4698-1 is to give a sermon, written by Veldt consultants, twice weekly to both strengthen its abilities and to boost general morale.
Special Containment Procedures: References to SCP-4700-1 have been altered in all historical and literary references so as to appear as myth. Operations personnel are to ensure that SCP-4700-1 is both invisible and intangible at all times until instructed otherwise.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4701 is to be kept in a locked vehicle shed at Site-11. The clamps affixed to SCP-4701’s wheels are not to be loosened or removed by personnel, and animals may not be hitched to the item regardless of the condition of the clamps.
Special Containment Procedure: All SCP-4704 instances are to be kept in Storage Containment Hangar 92-Δ of Area-92. Containment Hangar 92-Δ is to be outfitted with a Scranton Reality Anchor (SRA). Each SRA’s function must be checked on a weekly basis. A minimum of five Level 3 researchers are to remain on site. In the event of a reactivation of SCP-4704 effects, research personnel are to immediately contact Site-01 and record all anomalous adjustments made to the area. SCP-4704 instances discovered outside of Foundation custody are to be immediately recovered and replaced with a 1:1 replica of gabbro, limestone, or sandstone.
Special Containment Procedures: None. The remains of Sheen Estevez are presumably in the possession of the Global Occult Coalition.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4711 is owned and operated by Foundation personnel as a typical 7-Eleven chain. SCP-4711 is to be staffed with no less than two Foundation personnel, who are to observe all standards set by the 7-Eleven corporation.
Special Containment Procedures: The Foundation has implemented mole-repellent devices across the city of Puławy, Poland to minimalize SCP-4713 manifestations. These devices are placed 15m to 30m away from each other and are disguised by natural structures such as bushes and trees to minimalize civilian suspicion. Two Three control areas have been established outside of civilian access, which allows for manifestations of SCP-4713. All public roads of a 15m or lesser proximity from the aforementioned controlled places were redirected, yet still maintaining a functioning access between places via said roads.
Special Containment Procedures: STF Lambda-24 ("Babysitters") will monitor SCP-4714-A for appearance of new subjects. Subjects will be fitted with a GPS transmitter bracelet, amnesticized, and removed from the immediate area. Upon demanifestation, subjects will be tracked and SCP-4714 instance will be confiscated. Currently, all 63 SCP-4714 instances in containment are stored in a Safe-class item storage container at Site-19.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4715 has been contained in the containment complex within Area 4715-23. Area 4715-23 is an underground compound located 315 metres below sea level at an undisclosed location within Canada's Stikine region, chosen for both its distance from the nearest city and proximity to LoI1-517-Sigma. Stocks of materials required for Procedure 4715-Waning Moon are to be maintained on-site.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation Agents are to patrol beaches that are at a high risk of developing riptides. Watchtowers disguised as civilian commodities are to be built around areas where SCP-4717-1 instances frequent. After SCP-4717-1 instances have left the area, Class-A amnestics will be provided to witnesses. A disinformation campaign has been put in place to cover the events as a PSA campaign from a Foundation front company. The PSAs are to replicate SCP-4717 events exactly, with the shooting locations to be where SCP-4717-1 instances reside.
Special Containment Procedures: Site-152 personnel who encounter SCP-4719 are to document the time and place of the encounter, accept any non-threatening "gifts" that are offered, and submit these objects to Dr. Agnes for review. SCP-4719 is otherwise allowed to roam Site-152 at its leisure, in part because there has thus far been no successful attempt to contain SCP-4719.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4721 is to reside in a Standard Humanoid Containment Cell until further notice. The entity is permitted to attend weekly Greek lessons with the goal of facilitating communication. SCP-4721 is allowed access to mathematical resources and learning materials on request, contingent on good behavior.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4725 is to be stored in a standard humanoid containment chamber. SCP-4725 does not need any form of sustenance or oxygen, but must be regularly inspected for damages and taken for necessary repairs. SCP-4725's dopamine limiter is to be monitored and dopamine inhibitors will be forcefully administered if necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4726 is contained in a humanoid containment chamber with direct access to a shower.
Special Containment Procedures: Item is kept in a secure locker at Site-73. Testing requires permission from current research head. Repeat experimentation with the same subject requires additional Ethics Committee approval.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4729's remains are kept in a hermetically sealed storage vault. The location of SCP-4729's neutralization is to be walled off until its contents can be transported to an appropriate Site.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4732 is to be kept in its original sleeve and cover and locked within a vacuum sealed container to prevent accidental damage. All web listings or written records of SCP-4732-1 are to be destroyed. All instances of SCP-4732-1 are to be sought out and recovered. Any persons found in the possession of SCP-4732-1 are to be administered a Class C amnestic. Recovered instances of SCP-4732-1 are to be kept in Storage Cell 4732-A.
Special Containment Procedures: PoI-1851's apartment has been purchased by the Foundation. SCP-4733-1 instances (with the exception of SCP-4733-1E) and SCP-4733-2 have all been relocated to standard Safe-Class storage containers. The room containing Nora has been temporarily sealed until the limits of its amnestic resistance can be determined.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4737 is to be stored within a standard containment locker in Site-34. Experiments involving SCP-4737, and the creation of SCP-4737-1 instances, must be performed within a secure room to prevent the escape of the SCP-4737-1 instance. Experiments may only be performed with the authorization and supervision of a senior researcher with Level 3 clearance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4739 is to be stored in a specialized containment locker at a temperature of 7° Celsius. Personnel transferring SCP-4739 are advised to carry SCP-4739 by the handle only, keeping away from the cap.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4740 is to be kept in a separate containment chamber to SCP-4740-1 outside of recitation. Growth on the containment chamber walls are to be regularly trimmed when not containing SCP-4740-1 to prevent degradation of structural integrity.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4742 is stored in a standard low-security containment locker. Excess dorayaki produced by SCP-4742 is to be used for feeding of sustenance-requiring anomalies.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4743 is to be kept in Anomalous Object Hangar #3-C at Site 11. Any exits larger than 15 cm across must be kept closed at all times, and any breaches in the exterior must be immediately sealed off using on hand materials until permanent repairs can be completed. Ingress and egress from Hangar #3-C is only permitted via a two-door controlled access vestibule.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4745 is contained in a standard storage locker in Site-73 with its top hat removed and contained separately. SCP-4745 is not to be placed in its active state unless during testing, and SCP-4745 may not enter its active state again until at least four days have passed since its last use.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation webcrawler ƟU-4747 is to locate and remove instances of SCP-4747. Persons responsible for its spread are to be treated with Class B amnestics. Couples that have successfully performed SCP-4747 are to be treated with Class A amnestics.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4748 instances are to be implanted with tracking devices, and their migrations escorted by designated Foundation vessels. Civilian ships approaching known surfacing locations of SCP-4748 are to be redirected.
Special Containment Procedures: The Northrop Hotel has been purchased by the Foundation with all employee positions operated by undercover Foundation agents. The men's restroom of the second floor is to be closed off to the public and locked up citing sanitary issues as the reasoning. No other containment procedures are necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Upon re-apprehension of SCP-4750, it is to be held in an isolated standard humanoid containment chamber on a standard meal plan at Auxiliary Site 25-Delta. The site is to be maintained as a separate building at least 100 m from all other Foundation or civilian buildings.
Special Containment Procedures: Existing Foundation elements in state governments are to monitor for SCP-4759 manifestations and discredit it during deliberations. Donut shops in affected areas are to be surveilled for SCP-4759-A.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4769 is to be contained in a standard containment cell in a permanent state of unconsciousness with cameras, heart rate monitors and brainwave mapping equipment to be monitored by no less than three Level-4 Foundation personnel at all times. The subject is to be kept permanently engaged within an advanced simulation achieved through the direct stimulation of the optical nerves and the prefrontal cortex of the brain.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-4770 will be contained in Site-17's humanoid containment cells. No more than five instances of SCP-4770 shall be contained at any given time. SCP-4770 requires the normal amenities of a human adult except for access to food. Personnel entering SCP-4770's containment chamber are required to wear Foundation issued gas masks. Level 2 clearance is needed to bypass this restriction.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4771 is to be kept in a standard safe-class anomalous item locker at Site-19. SCP-4771 has displayed a predictable behavior set under extensive testing. As SCP-4771 was instrumental in preserving the safety of numerous Foundation personnel, as of 11/14/2021, MTF Members and Foundation Personnel with level 2 or above clearance may apply to use SCP-47711.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-4772 involves the performance of a ten-day-long ritual. In this ritual, called Kurentovanje (see Addendum 4772-1), a group of individuals dress up as SCP-4772-1 instances and march in a procession. If this ritual is performed, an SCP-4772 event does not occur that year. The ritual can be performed at any point in the spring as long as it is finished before March 171. Since 1960, the civilian population of Ptuj, Slovenia has consistently performed Kurentovanje every spring, seeing it as merely a local tradition and unaware of its anomalous significance. No SCP-4772 events have occurred since 1959, and there are currently no SCP-4772-1 specimens in containment. Foundation personnel must ensure the continued practice of Kurentovanje by the civilians. Personnel who are stationed in or near Ptuj are advised to encourage civilians to participate in the ritual during springtime.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4773-2 has been moved to a 4 metre by 4 metre by 4 metre containment cell1 at Site-96 for the purpose of testing. Containment Team CT-4773 are to remain on standby during the initial Preliminary Analysis phase of containment, which is ongoing.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4775 hosts are to be contained in standard humanoid containment cells. Additionally, they are allowed social-level privileges, and may eat with D-class personnel. Research is underway to devise a surgical procedure to remove and replace SCP-4775.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4777-1's remains are to be preserved in the storage facility at Site-177, and are not to be disturbed for testing without approval from personnel of Level 3 authorisation or higher.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4779 has been cordoned off to public access. Site 248 has been established near SCP-4779 in order to study the documents recovered from it. Officers with the Unreality Division and the Department of Extra-Universal Affairs are permitted access to the transcripts of these documents upon request.
Special Containment Procedures: not apollyon needed to get attn. name thomas burter am lv 4 researcher writing 4780 doc abt SHRINK RAY then powersurge. ray hit shrank me. ithas reverse can ushrik hurry notjokelook me up am in adv reserch cmplx rm401 phon dead m stuk on desk. typed in scp form. jumpedon keys alll nite hurry rats in bldg HUNGRY RATS. shrikig still harderto press ketys will b in 401 on desk. ray still pwrd poitn 2 desk flip lever 2 ushrik pressfireHURRY1
Special Containment Procedures: All SCP staff members, including D Class personnel, are issued the physical description of SCP-4782 during acquisition. SCP-4782's photograph is posted outside of its containment chamber. No sapient entity is to physically interact with SCP-4782.
Special Containment Procedures: Unfortunately, SCP-4785 is not able to be contained. However, SCP-4785 seems to be limited to Site-31. I will take any action necessary to keep it there.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4789 and its DVDs are kept in a standard Safe-class locker.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4791 instances will be kept in the Site-34 library for archival purposes.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4796 has been acquired by the Foundation and designated as private property. Posted guards are to amnesticize any civilians who reach the island. All testing with SCP-4796 pineapples is to take place on Provisional Research Site-4796, located on the island.
Special Containment Procedures: As per Protocol R19, the 930km2 area surrounding SCP-4798 is to remain under strict quarantine. The border of this region is to be regularly patrolled to prevent any unauthorized persons from entering the restricted area. Border patrols are required to be outfitted in BCS Mk. V-class hazmat suits. Site AZ-121 is to be monitored at all times by Foundation satellites and long-range scanners in the event of any expansion of SCP-4798-C. In the event of breach of containment, Contingency 91 is to be observed, and all instances of SCP-4798-1 (including human individuals affected by the anomaly) are to be eliminated and sterilized, before relocation to Site 96 for processing.
Special Containment Procedures: In the event that any member of SCP-4799 manifests within a Foundation-controlled universe, efforts are to be undertaken to prevent them from using technology to exit our timeline as detailed below. Once captured, they are to undergo analysis and detained in an appropriate humanoid containment cell.
Special Containment Procedures: The process of SCP-4800 is not to be interfered with in any way. No effort is to be undertaken to explore instances of SCP-4800-A or communicate with them. Scranton Reality Anchors and other devices built to extract reality levels from alternate timelines are to be programmed to avoid targeting SCP-4800-A instances. These procedures have been unanimously agreed on by all instances of the SCP Foundation in the Multiversal Foundation Alliance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4803 is secured underneath a reinforced concrete building disguised as a workshop named Sandstone Carvings and Productions, located in Brushwood, Wisconsin. The block surrounding the workshop has been bought out by the Foundation, and is dedicated to the Foundation front store for developing tools and goods to maintain the facade. Guards disguised as workers are to be posted in various positions to ward off suspicious individuals. If intruders are non-compliant, use of lethal force is authorized. Only those with Level 2 Security Clearance and up are allowed access to SCP-4803.
Special Containment Procedures: A selection of instances of SCP-4804-1 are to be brought to sound-insulated containment chambers at Site-32. Analysis of their neurology and behavior will be recorded in order to determine what can be done for further containment.
Special Containment Procedures: Given its nature, SCP-4806 cannot be feasibly contained. Should an instance manifest in a major metropolitan area, local Emergency Broadcast Systems will be utilized to emit auditory — and, where possible, visual — subconscious aversion memetics (SAMs) to deter civilian observation of SCP-4806. Fatalities caused by SCP-4806 are to be officially labeled suicides and published as such in coroner’s reports. Direct witnesses to these deaths are to be administered Class-A amnestics, including any and all first responders. Social media and image sharing activity around manifestations should be monitored and interfered with as necessary to prevent a breach of secrecy.
Special Containment Procedures: Morgues worldwide, especially in middle-class areas, are to be monitored for manifestations of SCP-4808-1. Foundation personnel disguised as animal patrol are to bring SCP-4808-1 to the nearest Foundation site. Once SCP-4808-1 is verified as non-anomalous, they are to be put into the custody of local animal shelters.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4811 is to be stored in a secure locker. SCP-4811 may only be removed from its container with prior permission from at least two Level 3 personnel. Subjects exposed to SCP-4811 must be kept within Foundation custody until expiration. Affected subjects are permitted to request termination. Such requests must be approved by site administration.
Special Containment Procedures: The area around SCP-4814-1 through SCP-4814-9 has been surrounded with vegetation and tall trees for the purposes of low-maintenance and inconspicuous concealment. A two-meter-tall electrified fence has been erected around the orchard and farmhouse (designated as Provisional Site-309), to deter unwanted entry from civilians and wild animals. Trespassers that bypass this measure are to be subdued non-lethally and questioned before routine release procedures are enacted. A patrol team of four are to be stationed at Provisional Site-309 to aid in these tasks.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4815's remains are to be kept in containment locker #4805 at Site 12. Testing of SCP-4815's remains are not permitted in line with current humanoid EC protocols.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4820 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment module at Site-17. Up to 30 gallons of blood may be withdrawn from SCP-4820 in any given 24-hour period. Withdrawal of larger amounts, or the harvesting of any of SCP-4820's organs, must be approved by at least one Level 4 Personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation personnel are to track down any civilians who have reported seeing an entity matching the description of SCP-4821. Civilians and instances of SCP-4821-1 will be interviewed and amnesticized. Instances of SCP-4821-1 who are minors are to be returned to their legal guardians.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4824 is to be monitored for any deviations through an automated system. Civilians who are believed to have encountered SCP-4824 or SCP-4824-1 are to be contained and processed at Site-36. Should SCP-4824 be vandalized, Mobile Task Force Kappa-34 ("Freud's Impressionable Students")1 will be sent to locate and re-contain SCP-4824-1 with SCP-4824. If SCP-4824-1 becomes unwilling to continue residing near SCP-4824, SCP-4824-1 will be relocated to a temporary containment cell within Site-36, where it will be processed.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4826 has been placed on suicide watch upon its recovery by the Foundation. To better accommodate this, SCP-4826 is kept in Humanoid Cell 2208.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4828 is to be stored in a High-Security Object Locker in Site-23. Direct access to SCP-4828 is limited to Level 4 and select Level 3 Personnel. Unauthorized access to SCP-4828 is grounds for severe disciplinary action.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4831-1 is to be accommodated appropriately for a non-anomalous human. Access to a mobile device has been deemed acceptable by the containment team. Content posted by SCP-4831-1 is to be heavily monitored to prevent confidential information from being leaked. For more information on SCP-4831-1's needs, please see Document-3151221.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4833 activity is currently being monitored by MTF Eta-11 "Savage Beasts". Eta-11 will immediately respond to any reported incidents, ascertain the situation and attempt to contain any potential anomalies.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4837 is kept in an avian observation deck at Site-64. In the event of a containment breach, recovery agents are to locate SCP-4837 and offer to engage in a trade in exchange for its return to containment.
Special Containment Procedures: In cooperation with the Russian government, SCP-4841 has been cordoned off from the rest of Svyatilishche and public access has been prevented under the guise of a military land seizure. Foundation archeological digs are planned in the vicinity of SCP-4841 for mid-2020.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4842-1 is to be contained in an anechoic locker at Site-28.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4843 is currently buried 24 meters underground in its original gravesite at Aspen Grove Cemetery in Burlington, Iowa. The disappearance of the Essermink family has been explained by Cover Story-109 "Witness Protection". Family members not found within SCP-4843 have been amnesticized.
Special Containment Procedures: No effective means of containing SCP-4844 are currently known. Research and examination are being conducted to find methods by which SCP-4844 may be contained or terminated.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4846 instances are to be organized into climate-controlled containers and collectively stored in a standard hermetic vault. Each instance is to be professionally maintained by a researcher with field experience in paleontology. Access permissions for SCP-4846 may be waived on request by personnel with at least Level 2 security clearance; recurrent access may be granted should SCP-4846 instances respond well to designated personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Currently, SCP-4847 is uncontained. The Foundation has installed a subterranean containment facility under an uninhabited island in the North Atlantic ocean (designated Area-██) in preparation of SCP-4847's containment. Area-██ has been constructed around a central gigafauna containment cell, fitted with 12 Scranton Reality Anchors and 8 Tachyon Disruptor Engines. The single blast door leading to the containment cell is to be permanently sealed upon SCP-4847's containment.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4848 is designated a HEBERT-category memetic hazard and as such its specifics and all documents in which these specifics are described are restricted to the immediate research team and Level-1 personnel. If SCP-4848 is accessed, standard memetic transmission precautions should be followed and post-exposure amnestics administered.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4849 is stored in a Low Priority Storage Locker in Site-234, and is to be sustained with 1 kg of lard weekly. Testing with SCP-4849 requires approval from the Research Head and Site Director.
Special Containment Procedures: The entirety of Lake Baikal serves as the containment area of SCP-4850. SCP-4850 has a natural aversion to leaving Lake Baikal, so containment efforts primarily focus on disinformation and concealment of the anomaly. The Russian government has refused to allow a discreet depopulation program, so the Foundation is to avoid lethal interaction with SCP-4850.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4851 instances are to be terminated on sight. Due to their differing anomalous properties, personnel should consult each instance's sub-object documentation before engaging.
Special Containment Procedures: The only designation which may be applied to SCP-4853 is SCP-4853.1 Other references to SCP-4853 may exist only in this document, and may not exceed ten instances. A numeric identifier for each active reference has been placed next to its first appearance.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4854 instances are to be stored in Reliquary Site-06's Climate-Controlled Library when not in use. No more than ten copies of each instance are permitted to be within Foundation containment at a time; further copies are to be destroyed via incineration, with priority given to the most damaged instances.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4857 is not contained at this current time. Suggestions have been made to contain or destroy SCP-4857 by various means but all have been dismissed on moral or security grounds.
Special Containment Procedures: An armed perimeter has been set up around SCP-4858. Guards and researchers are to be on-site at all times to deal with potential SCP-4858-A manifestations. All intruders and SCP-4858-A instances are to be detained, ideally before they are able to react and activate a suicide device.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4859 events are to be logged as they occur and analyzed for discernible patterns to ease suppression efforts. In the event of a civilian casualty, Cover Story-021 "GUN CONTROL" is to be enacted. D-Class personnel may be used in incidents of massive casualties to satisfy public concern, with a cover trial and sentence of 15-35 years time in prison.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4860 is to be continuously monitored and patrolled by elements of Mobile Task Force 992-Gamma ("Groundskeepers"), with aberrant behavior being immediately reported to site command. Surveillance cameras on a closed feed are situated along the perimeter of SCP-4860 and throughout its interior to both facilitate security efforts and provide data pertaining to its anomalous properties. Audiovisual distortion or brief inoperative periods experienced by these cameras are considered normal and not cause for alarm. Maintenance teams comprised of D-Class personnel must inspect and, if necessary, repair these cameras on a bimonthly basis.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4865 is to be contained in a standard storage locker, and is to be retrieved solely for the use of testing. When being used, SCP-4865 does not require any specific location for use. Testing may be performed by Class-D Personnel or Level Three Site Personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Efforts to locate SCP-4867 are ongoing. A dedicated research team based in Site 890, Wyoming are currently investigating possible locations of SCP-4867 in the Western United States; a fuller description of their efforts can be found below.
Special Containment Procedures: Water supplies in locations targeted by SCP-4868 are to have C-1181 introduced to them. Gaslight Protocol "IN STORES NOW" is to be ongoing until six months of zero activity is confirmed.
Special Containment Procedures: Both instances of SCP-4873 are outfitted with GPS tracking devices, and locked inside a steel box in a standard object containment chamber. SCP-4873 instances are not to be handled without approval from a researcher with Level 3 Clearance or higher. If SCP-4873 is removed from its box, it must be returned through the use of a robotic arm. In the event that SCP-4873 is handled accidentally, GPS tracking and global Foundation surveillance systems will be used to determine the identity of SCP-4873-2. SCP-4873-2 is then to be extracted by an MTF squadron.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4875 is currently uncontainable. A Foundation-operated bot (ESTIBEN.aic) is to monitor internet traffic for references to SCP-4875, or media containing depictions and/or recordings of SCP-4875-1. ESTIBEN.aic is to then notify Mobile Task Force Ni-13 ("Triskaidekaphobia"), with the purpose of amnesticizing involved individuals and taking physical evidence to Facility-571 for study.
Special Containment Procedures: All recovered instances of SCP-4876 are to be kept in Storage Locker-82 at Site-13. Instances used for testing and interviews are to be stored in Storage Locker-83.
Special Containment Procedures: All individuals who demonstrate understanding of SCP-4877 are to be questioned. Once all possible information regarding SCP-4877 has been extracted, these individuals are to be amnestized and released. Any pictures, videos or other media depicting or describing SCP-4877 are to be removed by Foundation webcrawlers.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4878 is kept in Site-119, within an item locker equipped with a Faraday cage.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4879 is contained within a lead-lined box in a standard storage locker. Only D-Class personnel are to handle the object outside of its storage, and contact with SCP-4879 by staff is punishable by reassignment or termination of employment status.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4880 is kept inside its container in a low security containment locker at Site-98. No other containment procedures are necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: A perimeter around SCP-4881 has been established to prevent unauthorised access. Civilians are permitted to access SCP-4881 if they are under its influence. Methods of reversing SCP-4881's anomalous effects are ongoing.
Special Containment Procedures: At this time, current economic and technological trends are sufficient to contain SCP-4882. Embedded agents in major technology companies are to advocate for awareness of leap seconds, and oversee their correct implementation in new products. Representatives in the International Telecommunications Union (ITU) are to postpone the abolition of leap seconds for as long as possible.
Special Containment Procedures: Currently, it is only theorized that SCP-4885 is contained. To further elaborate, SCP-4885 is contained within an unknown Class-17 Containment Chamber in an unknown site. In the event that SCP-4885 breaches containment, Procedure Invenient Eum is to be enacted, which consists of the following procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4888 no longer exists and therefore does not need to be contained. However, information relating to the existence of SCP-4888 should be scrubbed from all public repositories when possible. Foundation webcrawlers are to monitor traffic from sites of interest for key words relating to the existence of SCP-4888 and take proper action when applicable. At no time should any personnel attempt to interact with POI-4888-X.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4890 is to be kept within Storage Locker-23 at Site-13. Testing is to be performed in Testing Chamber 17 under the approval of Level 3 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: Containment of SCP-4891 is ongoing. SCP-4891 instances are to be terminated on-sight. Personnel are not to remove protective clothing or equipment outside of protected areas while studying SCP-4891.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4895 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment cell fitted with a lightbox, mirror, electronic piano, plastic construction bricks, and a video camera. Depending on compliance with any personnel, SCP-4895 is permitted the freedom to watch up to an hour and a half of television or time to draw using an electronic tablet.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4900 is contained in a steel reinforced bunker located within O5 Compound Harappa. SCP-4900 rests on a steel podium1 surrounded by 20mm thick bulletproof glass anchored to the podium. SCP-4900's containment chamber is constructed with a forward podium and semicircular tiered seating in the style of an amphitheater, sized for twenty adults to sit comfortably. A rectangular bulletproof glass viewing cell is constructed adjacent to the podium, with entry to be accessible only by O5. SCP-4900's containment chamber is furnished with twenty sitting cushions.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4902 is to be contained within a standard anomalous objects locker. Testing of SCP-4902 must be approved by one Level-3 personnel and overseen by one Level 2 personnel. Following Incident-4902-1, all statements made by SCP-4902 are to be presumed false.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4903 is to be suspended by two steel hooks mounted three meters above the floor and four meters apart from each other on the rear wall of its containment chamber. A removable safety net is to be mounted one meter from SCP-4903. Two digital clocks are to be in plain view of the chamber's security camera: one clock is to be positioned within SCP-4903-1 and the other is to be positioned within the containment chamber. Requests by SCP-4903-2 are to be sent to the Ethics Committee for approval. A bonesaw and standard first aid kit is to be positioned on the wall directly adjacent to SCP-4903.
Special Containment Procedures: All seven instances of SCP-4904 are kept in a climate-controlled Safe-class storage locker at Site-15. Long-term tests (> 1 hour) of SCP-4904 instances should only be conducted on reinforced modified hardware to prevent disc deformation or explosion.
Special Containment Procedures: Current Foundation resources are directed towards preventing a recurrence of Event-4906-Юг. Foundation Site-4906, located on Yuzhny Island, Russian Federation, powers a solenoid of magnetic flux density 1.072 tesla to augment the magnetic flux density of SCP-4906-North. Should Event-4906-Юг recur, Mobile Task Force Sigma-58 "Turkey Shooters" shall reverse the polarity of Site-4906's solenoid in order to trigger Event-4906-北. Once Event-4906-北 is complete, MTF Sigma-58 shall return Site-4906 to normal operation.
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-4907 are to be stored within standard containment lockers. Any and all Foundation personnel may request to be exposed to an instance of SCP-4907 for personal reasons or otherwise.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4908 may be used for testing by researchers Level 3-4908 or above. Additionally, it has been approved for use on a case-by-case basis on Foundation personnel. Said personnel must meet the activation criteria and have psychological trauma untreatable via traditional psychiatric or psychological methods. Such uses must be reviewed and approved by the Medical Director of Site-316 and two independent Foundation psychiatrists uninvolved in the patient's treatment. When not in use, it is to remain in the Safe-class Containment Unit at Site-316.
Special Containment Procedures: UPDATE: In light of recent events, SCP-4912 has been relocated to a storage locker at Site-64. No other containment procedures are necessary at this time.
Special Containment Procedures: The hotel containing SCP-4913 has been purchased by the Foundation and closed to the public. A standard Foundation security force is to remain in the hotel at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation webcrawlers have confirmed that the only copy of SCP-4914 is in Foundation custody and the hard drive containing it is to be stored in a standard anomalous items locker. Testing of SCP-4914 is permitted by researchers level 1 or higher. These tests are only to be done on remote systems lacking internet access.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation Orbital Site FOS-19 is to pursue orbital synchronization with and capture of SCP-4916. If and when SCP-4916 is captured, it is to be transferred to Site-17's low-priority storage alongside subsequent resupply schedule for FOS-19.
Special Containment Procedures:
Special Containment Procedures: The whereabouts of SCP-4918-1, -2 and -3 are largely unknown. Their physical descriptions, as well as their last known photographs, are available to all Foundation agents throughout Europe, to aid in containment.
Special Containment Procedures: All persons entering SCP-4919 are to work in groups of two or more to prevent unwanted activation of its effects, and be prepared to exit the premises rapidly or administer stimulants if drowsiness is noted. Staff on extended assignment to SCP-4919 should be trained in basic dream recall techniques and carry stationery for record-keeping purposes at all times. Sleeping in SCP-4919 is prohibited save under controlled testing circumstances.
Special Containment Procedures: The area surrounding Site Umbra-4920 is to be declared a nuclear testing site, and is off limits to civilians and other non-Foundation personnel. Due to the nature of the anomaly, SCP-4920 is to be contained inside a sub-site, with a functional staff centre for all assigned personnel. Any anomalous activity around SCP-4920 is to be reported immediately to the current project manager and site director.
Special Containment Procedures: Four instances of SCP-4922 have been contained at Site-59's maximum security wing. Each cell has been fitted with a Naismith-Henderson Lambda Wave Sink1; these are to remain operational at all times, with at least three backup power sources. In the event of total containment failure, contingency 99-Sutekh is to be enacted at the discretion of Director Naismith.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4923 is to be maintained in a self-referential conceptual maintenance loop of its own design. (Alabaster couldn't hold it - gypsum blood, friends, gypsum blood.) The Foundation's collection of SCP-4923 are kept in several thousand buckets, which are available on request or for taxation purposes. Morally, SCP-4923 is to be kept in the hearts and minds of Surrealistics personnel at all times.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the actions of unknown parties some time following the initial discovery of SCP-4924-A in 1924, containment largely consists of maintaining the walls constructed over the entrances to SCP-4924, and is to be presented as civil maintenance. Infrared surveillance cameras have been installed throughout the lengths of SCP-49241 in an effort to identify any and all breaches into surrounding plumbing, subway and sewer networks, and any other subterranean cavities, along with observing the activities of SCP-4924-A. Upon the discovery of an attempted breach, MTF Zeta-9 ("Mole Rats") will attempt to dig to the breach from the closest accessible location and seal it using a standard steel cap, concrete and silicone sealant. Should this prove impossible, a team will be required to enter SCP-4924 via the closest access point and seal the breach internally. In the event of a successful breach, the affected area is to be sealed in the same manner as attempted breaches.
Special Containment Procedures: A cost-benefit analysis run by the SCP-4925 containment team has deemed that, due to the innocuous nature of the anomaly, active containment is not necessary. Designated personnel are to continue using aliased email addresses to send emails to Heather Hutchins indicating that she may receive an important call.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4926 is to be housed at the SCP Foundation Warehouse 3-B. Anomalous columns have ceased, recommend unit remain disassembled. All instances of SCP-4926-1 are to be kept at the Library of Anomalous Events in storage drawer 3677A.
Special Containment Procedures: Any civilians who are near a SCP-4927 manifestation will be amnestized and brought to the nearest population center. If the amnestization fails, the cover story "Foggy Nights" will be enacted.
Special Containment Procedures: Foundation Site-4929 shall jam the AM frequency of 535 Mhz within a 10-km radius around SCP-4929. Due to SCP-4929's cultural and historical significance to the People's Republic of China, it is currently not possible for the Foundation to prevent civilian access to SCP-4929. Mobile Task Force Upsilon-13 "Scarlet Sentinels" shall clandestinely detain all SCP-4929-Individual instances upon detection and administer Class-C amnestics. The release of former SCP-4929-Individual instances is authorized after thirty days.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4931 is kept in Storage Wing SSG at Site-81. The object may be freely accessed for research with approval from Level 3 personnel.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4932 is to be overseen by two researchers who are to record events that occur in SCP-4932-1's life, including events viewed as boring or irrelevant. A file for every human discovered within SCP-4932 is to be created by these researchers; which describe its facial features, hairstyle, most commonly worn clothes, and any jewelry. Personnel are to note that many SCP-4932-X instances are undocumented despite having appeared within SCP-4932 in the past.
Special Containment Procedures: The Jones estate has been purchased by a Foundation front company, and a 4 meter privacy fence has been installed. SCP-4934 researchers are housed within the property under cover story C5-A, "mourning relatives".
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4937 is to be kept in Storage Containment Unit █-██ inside a 30 cm x 30 cm x 30 cm padded container. Personnel should be cautious when handling the object due to its fragile nature.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4939 is self-containing within its documentation file.
Special Containment Procedures: All copies of the Principles of the Below containing SCP-4942-1 have been accounted for. All copies held by the Foundation are being stored in the Site-36 Library Restricted Zone. Approval to any copy is to be granted from the desk of the SCP-4942 HMCL Director.
Special Containment Procedures: Due to a lack of information on SCP-4947's physiology, as well the nature of its anomaly, it remains uncontained. Efforts should focus on researching methods with which to capture and permanently secure SCP-4947.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4949 is contained within a standard secure storage locker in Site-42. Requested testing procedures may be submitted to the project supervisor for approval.
Special Containment Procedures: The remains of SCP-4950 are stored within a Grade-H pentacular containment grid maintained by an automated exorcist. The exorcist and grid should be checked once per week for signs of degradation or malfunction and promptly repaired or replaced as necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: All physical components of SCP-4951-1 are to remain contained in a powered state with unfiltered internet connectivity.
Special Containment Procedures: All discovered instances of SCP-4954 are cataloged and monitored by the Department of Orbital Objects Tracking (DOOT). Foundation agents embedded in private and government operated space programs restrict spaceflights to paths and windows that minimize the chance of an encounter with SCP-4954.
Special Containment Procedures: The gas station which originally housed SCP-4957 has been demolished. The Foundation front corporation Special-Purpose Concrete Providers Inc. has laid down a parking lot which is to be leased as part of regional revenue-gathering operations.
Special Containment Procedures: All tunnels leading towards SCP-4959's chamber have been sealed with reinforced gates. A large live animal is to be deposited down a constructed shaft into the chamber weekly.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4960 is housed in a Class-A suite at Site-17. Due to a history of cooperation with the Foundation, SCP-4960 has been granted Level 2 Privileges, although contact with non-cleared personnel is forbidden.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4963 has been secured within a 1 km2 area in its location within Yellowstone National Park with a perimeter consisting of electrified fencing no less than three meters in height topped with barbed wire.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4966 is to be kept within a modified humanoid containment cell sized appropriately for a domestic cat to move freely. This cell is to be furnished with several pieces of cushioned furniture. Recreational objects such as climbing towers, plush toys, and small plastic objects have also been provided. SCP-4966 is to be socialized with tri-weekly by on-site researchers. Tests involving SCP-4966 are to be approved by Dr. Bannock. Personnel wishing to provide SCP-4966 with additional recreational objects are to purchase them using their own funds.
Special Containment Procedures: Plants within the US Department of Reclamation are to conduct all examinations and inspections on the Hoover Dam reservoir and obfuscate the presence of SCP-4967. In the event Akiva radiation levels within the reservoir exceed 135 centiakiva, SCP-4967 is to be immediately encased in a lead-lined casket.
Special Containment Procedures: Embedded operatives within the New Jersey Department of Transportation are to modify reported deer-automobile collision statistics to within one standard deviation of statewide average.1 A Foundation-owned asset ("Stag Collision Prevention") in New Jersey has installed more than 200 reflective warning signs along roads across the area, and has successfully lobbied for lowered speed limits across SCP-4968-A. Lobbying for a regional ban on motorcycles is ongoing.
Special Containment Procedures: A small batch of SCP-4969 is contained in Cryo-Storage Locker 4969 in Wing E3 of Site-56. Search conditions for all "LiveFeel" Products and known product terminology are to be added to Foundation web crawlers. MTF Nu-63 (Safe Sects) are to be dispatched to locations suspected to be producing SCP-4969. All affected individuals are to be taken into Foundation custody for research and neutralization. Any SCP-4969 found for sale are to be removed from circulation and destroyed.
Special Containment Procedures: The office building housing SCP-4970 has been purchased by the Foundation, and all non-Foundation employees have been dismissed under the guise of bankruptcy of █████ ███ Electronics. Employees that were involved with SCP-4970 have been administered amnestics and released.
Special Containment Procedures: The Adaptive Containment Chamber (ACC) SCP-4972 is believed to reside in is to remain in the section of Site-22 it was first found in. This ACC is to be kept under guard by a security team of at least ten personnel at all times. No attempts are to be made, outside of already agreed testing protocol, to observe or access the interior of the ACC.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4974 is to be contained in an insulated storage unit at Site-22, which is to be kept under guard by one member of security personnel. Any individuals performing testing or physical inspection of SCP-4974 must wear full-body protective gear in order to prevent severe electrocution.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4975 is to be contained in a standard steel containment cell. Human contact with SCP-4975 is prohibited.
Special Containment Procedures: Personnel assigned to the SCP-4978 outpost must undergo three months of Foundation Certified self-defense training.1 Advanced classes in hand-to-hand combat, Muay Thai, and Jiu Jitsu are available for all staff. While these classes are not mandatory, participation is recommended to avoid potential injury.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4980 is to be housed in a standard Level-3 pen in the livestock section of Site 67. As offspring of SCP-4980 have been shown to be non-anomalous, mating is to be encouraged as described in Section 5/4980 of the Endangered Species Conservation Protocol. To encourage mating behavior, SCP-4980 are to be allowed to engage in combat once weekly during breeding season.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4982 is kept in a high-security isolation chamber accessible only to Level-4 personnel and above, outfitted with a surveillance system. Due to the self-containing nature of SCP-4982-1 instances, no additional containment procedures are necessary.
Special Containment Procedures: Any personnel observing SCP-4984 instances at a distance of 2 meters or closer are to wear Level A vapour-tight hazmat suits.
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-4985 maintains a significant public profile and widespread non-anomalous activities in its local area and global financial markets, full Foundation custody is infeasible at this time. Containment measures encompass managing public access to the SCP-4985 offices and SCP-4985-affected persons, altering news reports to remove references to anomalous activity and regulating corporate activities of SCP-4985 to limit its influence, particularly with regard to investments in companies directly relevant to Foundation operations.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4986-3-B is to be contained in a ten centimeter thick lead safe in Hazmat area B. The safe is not to be opened unless full radiation suits are worn. SCP-4986-3-B is never to be opened unless greater radiation resistant technology is created.
Special Containment Procedures: No active containment is to be made at this time. The song "Stand" by R.E.M. is not to be expunged from the record as it is not a memetic hazard. The position of the North Magnetic Pole is to be closely monitored. In the case that the world population approaches P4987 then Operation Mindful Sustainability is to be carried out.
Special Containment Procedures: The building in which SCP-4988 is located has been purchased and seized by the Foundation. A field research station has been set up within the building, and four redundant emergency power generators have been installed to ensure SCP-4988 does not suffer adverse effects from the common electrical outages in the area.
Special Containment Procedures: Following the events of Incident 4989-911, SCP-4989 is believed to be Neutralised. However, previous containment measures must remain in place:
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4992 is to be kept in a refrigerated, single-item drawer within B2 storage at Site-63. Removal is approved only for testing purposes, and with written permission from the Senior Containment Specialist and Lead Researcher.
Special Containment Procedures: All materials comprising SCP-4993 are to be stored in secure containers within Archive-09, located at Site 41. Any viewing of SCP-4993-1 instances must be approved by at least two members of Level 4 personnel. At least thirty instances of SCP-4993-1 are to be kept unviewed, so as to maintain them as a control group.
Special Containment Procedures: All routine interaction with persons affected by SCP-4995 is to be performed remotely or by D-class personnel. Exposure to SCP-4995-affected persons for continuous periods of 15 minutes or greater is prohibited; personnel inadvertently exposed require quarantine in a Faraday-shielded environment for no fewer than 14 days until their infection status can be determined. Individuals affected by SCP-4995 are to be housed in Faraday-shielded humanoid containment cells and receive standard amenities for humanoid anomalies. Regular medical assessments should be conducted and a dedicated medical emergency team is to be present onsite to respond to incidents.
